G'day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to continue with the series Building Faith. Today we're going to look at God's stance on faith in the kingdom of heaven and the purpose of his stance on faith. And then we're going to look at our stance and why we should mirror and reflect God's heavenly stance on faith here upon the earth. Galatians 3 verse 29 reads, and this is the Amplified Version, it says, And if you belong to Christ, that is, are in him who is Abram's seed, then you are Abram's offspring and spiritual is according to the promise. The Israelites were from birth and that is from Abram's seed or Abram's lineage were the chosen people that God had yet upon the earth to bring the saviour for mankind, to be a light unto the nations. We, after Christ Jesus, were then adopted into the family of God by faith. Our adoption in no way restricts us or limits us from inheriting God's kingdom. And God's faithfulness towards us is the same faithfulness he had towards the Israelites when they were in Egypt. That is, he is willing to move any obstacle out of our way so that we can be reunited with him. Proof of this faithfulness is in Christ Jesus and his sacrifice upon the cross for us. There is a shadow of this within the Bible. In the Bible, we see when Joseph was taken to Egypt, that when Jacob arrived, Jacob then adopted Joseph's sons. Joseph's sons was a mixture of the Jew and the Egyptian. These boys grew up in the Egyptian culture and had Egyptian influences over their lives. Then Jacob makes a prophetic statement that he is going to adopt both boys into the family on equal terms. At this point, Joseph has to agree to hand over his rights as the boy's father to Jacob. The boys have to agree, they have a new father in Jacob. And more importantly, they exchanged the world's palace for a life of shepherd boys. Just like us today, we have made the choice to be adopted into the kingdom of God by faith through Christ Jesus. So let's look at God's role in faith within our lives. We are, by nature, open to the opinions of others, open to worldly temptations. We are open to giving in to the call of the body and soul. These are three primary areas that open doors for us to be unfaithful towards God. People lack faith because they themselves don't believe God will be faithful unto them. And so we carry this notion with us every day that God is faithful to others and is just, well, kind of not faithful towards us. But the truth is that our belief in God is flawed. And so we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are, we are,