Let heaven, the angels, praise your wonder, O Lord, your faithfulness, or your firmness, always in the assembly of the Holy Ones. God is prepared to stand firmly next to you. God is prepared to support the congregation that you are also in. I encourage you to read the entire Psalm 89 verses 1 to 5 and replace those words with firmness. The next word is steadfast. Strong's says that steadfast is yatsak and the root for it is to pour, cast, flow. I'm not going to read all those other words there, but the full definition of yatsak means to pour out, to place firmly, to cleave and grow fast, meaning to glue together. And the final word is stand. Strong's, the word is amad. The root word means to take one's stand, abiding, act. And there's about 40 other words that also come in the definition of it, which again, I'm not going to read, but the full definition is to rise, to accomplish, to continue, to rise up as on eagles' wings. Amad can therefore be said to mean to rise up as a son or heir or to be ordained as a son or heir. All these Hebrew words carry the intent, purpose and destiny of a father. They also bring the understanding that we must focus our relationship as sons and daughters of a father. And with this, we start to see a clearer picture of who God is, a God who pours himself out, cleaves to us until we have grown together. Who will build up our character and mental values, will support us through every difficulty, will raise you up to fly on eagles' wings. So now the question to you is, what image of God do you have imprinted on your spirit and soul that will cause you to doubt him, that he won't be faithful towards you? When a certain religious group became popular, they changed the whole scope of faith. They said, you must become holy and you must do this with praying and fasting and so on and paying monies to get yourself out of hell. And they came with all these funny doctrines. And when you do all of this, then you're going to be loved by God, which is according to them. But we know that our covenantal style is relationship before obedience, listening before doing, reacting in God's ways before my own ego. Most people don't have the Trinity inside of them. They got the Holy Quadruple. God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Spirit, and God the Ego. That is their ego. And their ego overrides everybody else. Because if they're not satisfied, then the will of God cannot be done. So being steadfast and faithful, therefore comes a part of your and my nature when we accept that God is good. We accept that God is our stronger partner and will always do what he has promised.