To do. So all of this doesn't mean you won't have trials in your life. Abram followed God. He moves to Canaan. He builds prayer altars. Yet he had to survive a famine. Jacob also has a vision of God. He builds an altar to God and he also had to survive a famine. Throughout these famines, God promised his men that they would multiply. If they walk in obedience, and this is the mistake most Christians make when they use their five senses to interpret the spiritual things of God, your circumstances may not look, feel, or taste like the prophetic promises and blessings you have been given. Your fellow believer may look and act like they are extremely and abundantly living in blessing. However, those who stand steadfast and faithful will know that God is changing the infrastructure. He is changing the climate and the culture of those around you so that his plans can come into place. You see, sometimes the area around you has to change in order to handle the blessings of God. And you have to be patient in God. And you have to be patient in God's changing of things for your life. Ruth was a steadfast woman. Ruth 1 verse 18 reads, When Naomi saw that Ruth was determined to go with her, she said, No more. Ruth gives us the attribution of a woman of God. She gives us all those attributes. Ruth's circumstances, her circumstances, however, at face value certainly do not seem to reflect a child of the kingdom of light. You must remember, although Ruth was a Moabite, she is adopted into the kingdom of God when she willingly accepts the call. And she tells Naomi, You know, wherever you go, I'll go. Your God will be my God. Your people will be my people. Where you die, I will die. And yet, as a child of the King of Kings, she lived in poverty, begging for a meal. But regardless of the hardship, Ruth listens to the quiet voice of the Holy Spirit, looks for the touch of a blessing from God, Ruth lives humbly and obedient lifestyle of a godly woman, honouring her mother-in-law, Naomi. Ruth was determined to go. And if we look at the original context of the word determined, or the original text of the word determined, in the Strong's, it says, Amets, the primitive root word is to be stout, strong, bold, alert. And of course, they have all those other examples, which I'm not going to read. So the full definition of Amets means to be courageous, to be steadfastly minded, to fortify and strengthen oneself. Paul tells us we must stand steadfast in faith. The question that you need to ask yourself is this. Do I try to build my faith through works of prayer, fasting, ministry, and so on? Or do I strive for a greater intimacy with my Father? When you truly know your Father, you will live at peace in spite of and in the midst of every circumstance that prevails. Why? Because you will know that the...