God himself will always be faithful towards us because we see that God is always faithful in all circumstances, trials, and tribulations. This allows us to build our faith in him. There are two words that describe God in the Bible accurately. One of them is faithful and the other one is steadfast. Both these English words come from the same Hebrew word, Aman. Deuteronomy chapter 7 verse 9 reads, Know therefore that the Lord thy God, he is God, the faithful God, which keepeth covenant and mercy with them that love him and keep his commandments to a thousand generations. So this first verse says that God covers you for four thousand years. Psalm 78 verse 8 reads, And might not be as their fathers, a stubborn and rebellious generation, A generation that set not their heart aright, and whose spirit was not steadfast with God. In the same chapter verse 37 says, For their heart was not right with him, neither were they steadfast in his covenant. Isaiah chapter 49 verse 7 reads, Thus saith the Lord, the Redeemer of Israel, and the Holy One, To him whom man despiseth, to him whom the nations abhoreth, To a servant of rulers, kings shall see and arise, Princes also shall worship, because of the Lord that is faithful, And the Holy One of Israel, and the Holy One of Israel, and he shall choose thee. Psalms 119 verse 86 reads, All thy commandments are faithful, They persecute me wrongfully, Help thou me. So this root word used in these verses, Amman, Means to confirm, Support, Believe, Believed, Believes, Bring, Carried, Confirmed, Doorpost, Endure, Enduring, Established, Faithful, Firm, Fulfilled, Guardians, Has assurance, Have faith, Have assurance, Lasting, Nurse, Put your trust, Puts, Trust, Reared, Reliable, Standstill, Sure, Trust, Trusted, Trustworthy, Verified. The full definition of Amman means, To build up, To support, To foster as a parent, To be morally true, To go to the right hand, To nurse as a father. In the definition of the word Amman, It also describes Amunah, Translated as firm. If you read Psalm chapter 89, 1 to 5, And then take the word faithfulness out of it, And put in the word firm, It will read, Your firmness will you establish in the very heavens, Unchangeable and perpetual. You have said, I have made a covenant with my chosen, I have sworn to David my servant, Your seed I will establish forever, And I will build up your throne in all generations. Sela, Which means pause and calmly think of them.