To do righteousness and justice is more acceptable to the Lord than sacrifice. And then we're reading from 1 John verse 2 and 4. Whoever says, I know him, but does not keep his commandments is a liar, and the truth is not within him. God's word is akin to God's voice that is within our minds. When we are confronted with the situation, and we've seeded God's word inside of us, and we now hear the word of God speaking back to us, that we should do what the Bible requires of us. It is akin to hearing the voice of God. Holy Spirit will sometimes directly speak to you. Jesus Christ will sometimes directly speak to you. And Father God himself will sometimes speak to you. But we need to get into the word of God and practice what the word says so that we can hear from God. John 10 verse 27 says, My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me. The first person to receive from God with inside of us will always be our spirit. God speaks to our spirit man. And if our spirit man, if it has a desire for God, it will receive from God and then seed what it has received from God to the soul and the body. The order is always spirit, soul, and body. If the soul governs, then the order is upside down. And a few examples of governance that are upside down is people who govern from a selfish point of view, where they are only self-serving themselves. That is an upside down government inside of you. Or if you are angry and you are doing things out of anger, there is also an upside down government inside of you. Your soul is speaking, your soul is governing, and not your spirit man. What God releases to you in his word will always lead you to a specific destiny, a specific direction that will heal fruit in your life, godly fruit. If you are now then governed by your flesh, how then can you birth the promises of God here upon the earth? We are all born with a purpose in life, a godly purpose. But if we serve ourselves, then the will of God can never be carried out. Within our lives. Three men who birthed the promises of God. We look at Moses. Moses was in the desert, tending his little flock, when he saw the fire. When Moses heard the voice and responded to the call, Moses was led to birth great things for Israel. Nehemiah was under the rulership of a foreign king. But when he heard the walls of Jerusalem were down, the walls had been fallen and broken and burned, he went and he birthed what God wanted him to do, and the walls were built back up. Another one is Noah. Noah, who never saw a boat in his life, who never saw rain fall. But because he heard the word of God and was obedient, he birthed the ark. And when the...