Today's sponsor for this podcast is WhisperSkinCare.com. Integrated bodywork, customized massages to relieve muscle aches and pains, increase your flexibility and range of motions. Other services include facials, that is fighting the effects of aging, improve skin's elasticity, lift and sculpt your face, neck and décolleté and much more. Contact WhisperSkinCare.com, WhisperSkinCare.com, helping both male and female improve their lives. And another big shout out goes out to Norman and Tanisha Miller who have sponsored this podcast. They are from the YouTube channel Repentance 101, The Millers. Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to continue with the series called Building Faith. Today we're going to look at the role of being obedient to God and listening to the voice of the Father in our everyday lives. The other day I was talking to a friend and I was trying to explain the importance of listening to God and being obedient to the word of God. And one of the things that dropped into my head was the human philosophy of love languages. Now, I don't believe in that and it's not something that I would promote because it's not of God. It's like going to an ice cream shop and asking for strawberry flavored ice cream. But you know there's no real strawberries inside. It's just flavored ice cream and that is exactly what love languages is. It's got a little bit of Bible-ish flavor on top of it. So I asked this person and I said, well, what would God's love language be? And they gave some answers and then I said, well, God's love language is it requires that we love him with all our hearts, all our mind, all of our strength. And that he requires us to love our neighbor as we love ourself. But also he requires us to be obedient to him over sacrifices. So his love language would be acts of obedience and service to him. That would be the love language of God. And I said, when you are in your daily life and you are about to face a situation that is going to release the flesh inside of you, you're going to have to ask yourself the question, well, what is the love language of God? Am I now then going to serve my own flesh and ignore what God requires of me in this situation? Or am I now going to be obedient to God, be obedient to the voice of God, be obedient to the commands of God and do what he requires of me in this situation? We always have an option. Do we serve our flesh, our selfishness, or do we be obedient and serve God? Because that's what is the love language of the Father. So we move on to our text. Our text reads, behold, to obey is better than sacrifice and to hearken than that of the fat of rams. 1 Samuel 15 verse 22. The next one is John 14 verse 15. And it reads, if you love me, you will keep my commandments. The next text comes from Proverbs. Proverbs 21 verse 3.