Good day and welcome to this podcast, Faith Over Fear. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to speak about courage in the role of fighting fear. 2 Timothy 1, 7 reads, For God hath not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind. Individual courage must be developed. Courage is the ability that helps you face fears. The more courage you have, act out, do, the more developed will your courage be in adverse situations. Hebrews 13, 6 reads, So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me. Courage, however, is not an automatic response in Christians. Knowing Jesus does not automatically make you bold. Christians tend to operate from one of two places. From a place of courage, or from a place of discouragement. The presence, or the absence of courage, falls squarely on our shoulders as Christians. It is easy for us as Christians to be encouraged by our friends and fellow Christians, but when nobody is around, we tend to be discouraged by our circumstances and situations. When David faced Goliath, Goliath said to him, Am I a dog that you should come to me with sticks? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods. But with all of Goliath's threats, David stood boldly before him. Because David's courage disarmed his fear and disarmed all of Goliath's threats, so David was not fearful standing before Goliath. As Christians, we need to align ourselves with the word of praise and promises of God. When Nebuchadnezzar heard that Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego refused to bow before his statue, then Nebuchadnezzar, who represents pride, then threatened them further by asking the furnace to be turned up seven times. But even this did not move these men in their courage and faith towards God. You require courage to take over the mantle of leadership. Joshua had to take over from Moses. But in order to take over from Moses, he needed the courage. And God assured him that if he operated in courage, that he would lead the people into the promised land. God's courage in Joshua meant courage in the people. Discouragement in Joshua would have meant discouragement in the people. And Joshua, who operated in courage, took the people over the Jordan River, invaded the God-ordained territory, faced giants, enemies, and armies, and possessed the land. Joshua 1.9 reads, Have I not commanded you, be strong, vigorous, and very courageous? Be not afraid, neither be dismayed. For the Lord your God is with you wherever.