When God says, fear not, He is speaking prophetically to you about your future. Judges 6 verses 22 to 23 reads, And when Gideon perceived that he was an angel of the Lord, Gideon said, Alas, O Lord God, for because I have seen an angel of the Lord face to face, And the Lord said unto him, Peace be unto thee, Fear not, thou shalt not die. Whenever the Lord encourages us to fear not, He is helping us in our attitude towards our situation. The encouragement to fear not is bringing us in alignment with the future that God has for us. So in essence, God predicts a favorable outcome for any given situation when he himself is telling us that we should not be afraid of what is before us. In the text, God provides Gideon with the reason why he should not be afraid. He says, Thou shalt not die. In Kings 6 verse 16, he says, They that be with us are more than they that be with them. Let's look at 2 Chronicles chapter 32 verses 6 to 8 verse 6 reads, And he, King Hezekiah, set captains of war over the people, And gathered them together to him in the street of the gate of the city, And spoke comfortably to them, saying, Be strong and courageous, be not afraid, nor dismayed for the king of Assyria, Nor for all the multitude that is with him, For there be more with us than with him. Verse 8 reads, Our victories are tied to us being strong and courageous and not afraid at the enemies that are before us. And if we are in leadership and we show courage and we show that we are not afraid, Then those that follow us will also follow suit and they will not be afraid. A fear not mentality always sets you up for total victory over your circumstances. It determines how you think, perceive and act in diverse situations. So meditate on the scriptures that say, fear not, And see the reasons why God gives us the opportunity to fear not. If he's not standing by us, if he's not given us an army to fight our battles, Then God has already defeated the enemy for us. Signing off, Ashton here. God bless you all. God bless you all.