will be a lot more clearer because you will be able to discern good from evil. And lastly, you will be able to see people for who they are because the word searches the hearts and the intent of man. In a room full of darkness, you as the child of God, the carrier of the light, you are more superior to anyone that is carrying darkness inside of their heart. Your job is to dispel that darkness with the word that has been given to you by Jesus Christ. Darkness must flee when there is light. And you who are the carrier of that light need not be afraid of the darkness. You are the light. Your authority to be the light comes from God himself. 2 Corinthians 4 verse 6 reads, For God who had commanded the light to shine out of the darkness, had shined it in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. Praise be to God. The word of God in Colossians calls us the saints who are in light. We are the people who have been delivered from the power of darkness. There is a lot of foreshadowing from the book of Genesis chapter 1 to 5. Word-based living will produce in you a clarity that other people will just never have in their lives. God is light and he is a God of light. Jesus is the light. Jesus is the light. Holy Spirit is light. And you are the light. It is your job as the saint of light to draw others who are in darkness to Christ. And you do it by faith. Meditating on the word, reading the scriptures, anchoring those scriptures as the first go-to for decision making that you have to do in life and make in life. What does the word say? And when we can rely on the word through meditation and reading and actually exercising the word in allowing it to shape us as we move in our lives, then God will release more and more to you daily so that your ministry, so that your household, so that your finances, your relationships, all are of a better quality. And as God has promised, so you too shall receive it. And one last thing. The only time a person should ever say Jesus takes the wheel or take the wheel is when they're coming from darkness into light. They're surrendering. But as Christians, that is not something we say. It's not something we confess. My name is Ashton and I'll catch you on the next podcast. God bless you. God bless you.