God saw the light. And when I was looking at this, I was surprised because I saw something that Satan had spoken to Adam and Eve about. It was the verses and God saw the light and that it was good. So yeah, God is making an observation and he's making a determination and he saw the light and when he saw it, he made a pronouncement over it that it was good. He saw the light was good. And then the Lord said to me, well, this is exactly what Satan was alluding to Adam and Eve. Well, more so to Eve in the garden when he says that if you eat of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. So yeah, God was exercising his knowledge of good and evil. Then Satan said, you will become like gods. So we can see here in verse three, because, and look at the part, because three is the number of God, God, the Father, God, the Son, God, the Holy Spirit. So God being God is exercising his role. This was also a foreshadowing for the priestly ministry that was to come. It was the priest's job to pronounce what is good and what is bad over Israel. It was the priest's job to pronounce what is clean and what is unclean. And yeah, verse three, which is God, the Father, God, the Son, God, the Holy Spirit. There is the operation of God, a God in action. This is what Satan said. He said this. He said, for God not knoweth that in the day he is thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and he shall be as gods, knowing good and evil. Now look at verse four. Verse four says, and God saw the light, and it was good, and God divided the light from darkness. Four is the number of dominion, because God gave man dominion over the earth. That was the priestly ministry to pronounce good from evil. So the next question you have to ask yourself is, what authority was Eve exercising when she was looking at the fruit, and she saw the fruit was good? If Eve, if Adam and Eve didn't have the knowledge of good and evil, what was Eve busy doing? Eve was not equipped to make that call. Now lastly, we go back to verse two. And the earth was without form, and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. This is again foreshadowing of man. God said, let us make man in our image. And the chaos that was inside of man, God said, let us give man our spirit. He blew life into man. And in the darkness that was upon the face, God gave man his word, his command. And this is the foreshadowing that happens in verses one and two to five, that we ultimately see play out. God creates man, gives him the image. God gives him his spirit. God gives him his words. And so I just thought I'd share that with you that caused me not to record the podcast because I was busy stuck getting this information. There was other things.