That was shown to me, but when I had a look at it, they were just blank spaces and I thought I'm not going to dig because I need to go sleep. And these things can take quite a while for the download to be completed. Our text reads, Thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. The definitions given for the words light and lamp, the light being that the word is the start of the day for the person who is about to make a journey. That before the day starts, that you seek out the word as light to guide you through the day so that your actions, your words and the things that you do are guided by God's light. And your parts that you walk are lit because the people who are going to walk with you are going to find the way that you are busy walking. Jesus was the perfect example of this. In John chapter 8 verse 12, the verse reads, There is so much foreshadowing in the first few verses of Genesis. It was God's desire, it was God's good desire to give us that very same light. 1 John chapter 1 verse 5 reads, This is the message we have heard from him and declare to you, God is light, in him there is no darkness. And John 9 verse 5 says, As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world. And did Jesus not declare that he are the light of the world? It is through you that the word is going to give birth here upon the earth. You are the light of the world. It is through you that right from wrong will be discerned. You will command what is good to enter into your home and what is bad to stay out. The job is yours, given to you by God. Matthew chapter 5 verse 14 says, Because you are the light of the world, a city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. You cannot shy away from calling out that which is wrong. And you cannot shy away from releasing the word of God, which is light and truth, into the earth so others may follow our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. But you need to have the faith for this to happen. We as Christians should never leave our home unequipped for the day. We should be in the word. We should have the word inside of our hearts. We should be releasing the word. We should be speaking the word. We should be acting out the word. We should be doing the word of God on a daily basis so that we always have the light that is in the word so others can be led to Christ. Psalms 18 verse 28 says, For thou will light my candle. The Lord my God will enlighten my darkness. This is where you and I come in. As the carriers and the bearers of this light, we need to light others. There's a proverb that says, it's not in the Bible, but there's a proverb that says that a candle doesn't lose anything when it lights another candle. Having the word of God anchored at the center of your heart will give clarity to any decision that you need to make. Your discernment will give clarity to any decision that you need to make.