Today's sponsor for this podcast is Whisperskincare.com. Integrated bodywork, customized massages to relieve muscle aches and pains, increase your flexibility and range of motions. Other services include facials that is fighting the effects of aging, improve skin's elasticity, lift and scalp your face, neck and décolleté and much more. Contact Whisperskincare.com. Whisperskincare.com. Helping both male and female improve their lives. And another big shout out goes out to Norman and Tanisha Miller who have sponsored this podcast. They are from the YouTube channel Repentance 101, The Millers. Today and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to continue with the series called Building Faith. Our text for today comes from Psalm 119, verse 105. Thy word is a lamp and a light unto my feet and a light unto my path. So when I was preparing for this podcast and I was looking at a few scriptures about the creation of light, that is the book of Genesis, chapter 1, verses 1 to 5. And it reads like this. In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth, and the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep, and the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, Let there be light, and there was light. And God saw the light, and it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness, and God called the light day, and the darkness he called night. And the evening and the morning were the first day. So then God decided to drop some things in my spirit regarding these first five verses. And I actually never got to sit down and do the podcast, because I was now stuck with these first five verses. And God was showing me things inside of these verses that I thought I would just share before we move on to the podcast. So the word says, In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. And in the notes that I wrote, it says heaven and earth. Right, so God put the spiritual order first. Take note, the heavens were in order, but when you look at the earth, the second verse says, And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And when you look at the earth, God created the earth. Who comes out of the earth? Man comes out of the earth. The earth was like man. There was a foreshadowing in these first five verses of man. Man was like the earth. That was man's nature. Man's nature was darkness. Man was chaotic. And then it goes on to read, And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, Now, look at this. God said, Let there be light. And there was light. And there was light. And there was light. And there was light. And there was light. And there was light. And there was light. And there was light. And