I will draw, I will draw, I will draw, I will draw, I will draw, I will draw, I will draw, I will draw from the altar of the spirit husband. I will draw the body fully. I will draw the part of my body. I will draw from the altar of the spirit husband right now. I will draw my blood. I will draw my virtue. I will draw my body fully. I will draw them. we pray let God arise and let our enemies be scattered let God arise and let our enemies know that he is God hallelujah come on begin to bless the Lord begin to thank God if God has touched you today come on begin to clap for Jesus begin to clap for Jesus if he has touched your life begin to clap for Jesus if he has touched you today hallelujah I pray that everything that you have coughed out burped out, yawned out, farted out whichever way that it came out we send it one way to the pit in the name of Jesus and it will stay there until the Lord Jesus comes back in the name of Jesus I decree that there will be no regrouping no reengarding, no reattaching in your life in the name of Jesus hallelujah cover every one of you in the blood of Jesus any power that wants to attack us tonight because of our prayer because of this program let the fire of God fall and destroy them in the name of Jesus let the angels of the living God let them continue our deliverance the word of God says the encampment run about those that fear God to deliver them let them continue to do our deliverance let them continue to slap every power out of us in the name of Jesus we command the angels of the living God to use the broom of destruction sweep out every foul spirit clinging around here hanging around here or around this whole compound sweep it one way to the pit in the name of Jesus we soak this whole environment in the blood of Jesus we surround this whole Adonai plaza with the fire of the Holy Ghost I soak every one of you in the blood of Jesus and the fire of God in Jesus name and begin to pray the Holy Spirit fill me afresh let the Holy Spirit fill you afresh let it fill every part of you the enemy has departed from Holy Spirit fill me afresh fill me afresh fill me afresh fill me afresh fill me afresh fill me with fresh fire fill me with fresh fire fill me with fresh fire in Jesus name we pray and visit our online deliverance bookstore at www.deliverancebookstore.com Order Dr. Stella Emanuel's books.