Praise God for his goodness and mercy for opening the ears and the hearts of people in the name of Jesus. We tear off the veil of the enemy and let the voice of the Holy Spirit go forth, not the voice of the enemy in the name of Jesus. I take authority over the airwaves now and I silence every contrary tongue in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. This is part two of deliverance from spirit husbands and spirit wives. We call them what? Incubus and succubus. I thank God for the blood of Jesus. I thank God for Jesus dying on the cross. Because if any one of us got what we deserved, we would be dead. But it's God in his infinite grace and mercy that was still standing. It is God in his infinite grace and mercy that after all that sleeping around that we did, we didn't get HIV. It is God in his infinite mercy that you still found a way to get saved. Even though your parents and your great-grandparents were either worshippers, God called you out. He pulled you out. It is God's mercy. So the devil might be harassing you right now, but you're way ahead. Because you have the grace and mercy of God. The devil might be harassing you right now, but you're way ahead. Because now with knowledge, you can come to the throne of grace and obtain mercy. Hallelujah. There is a way out. Somebody said there is a way out. Free from my past. In the name of Jesus. The word of God says in 1 Corinthians 3.16, That know ye not, that ye are the temple of God, and the spirit of God dwelleth in you. If any man defile the temple of God, he shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. For me, the one that not himself, will arise and fight for me. The reason why is because you open the door. But the Bible says in Isaiah 49, verse 24, That shall the prey be taken from the mighty or the lawful captives delivered. But thus saith the Lord, Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away, And the prey of the terrible shall be delivered. For God will contend with those that are contending with you, And he will save your children. Hallelujah. He will not only save your children, He will feed those that are oppressing you with their own flesh, And they shall be drunken with their own blood as with sweet wine. So yes, you committed abortion. You committed fornication. Yes, you went out and slept around. Yes, masturbation. Aha, that's what it's one. You know, the devil can list it on and on. Fornication, did it. Abortion, this, this, that, that, that. Pornography, bestiality, that, that, that. They're calling it, and you're looking at yourself, I'm going, I'm guilty on this, I'm guilty. Okay, I didn't do this, I'm guilty here, guilty there, guilty there. How many people feel that way? By the time they call ten of it, You're guilty for about eight. But the word of God is not contending with you, And he will save you, he will save your children. The Bible says in the book of Colossians, That blotting hands that was at the way, And nailed it to the cross. You understand, we, you run to the blood, You run to the cross, You can turn back right now, And fight the devil with machine guns. The devil will be like, You did this, I'm reading this about the blood, I'm looking at it now. Back to your dad and down.