Shake your hands to ashes. In the name of Jesus. You're going to feel the fire upon your hands right now. The fire of God. It's burning the rings right now. It's tearing the wedding gowns. It's setting them ablaze. The photograph, the marriage certificates. Angels of the living God are being made making a bonfire of them right now in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. I want you to pray. I want you to redraw your body. Your body fluid. Your sperm. Every part of your body deposited on the altar of the spirit husband. Like I said, we had a lady here who said that they have captured the husband's wee-wee. And it is in the marine kingdom under the water. The man can't have children. The man is impotent. There are people whose wombs have been captured. Are on the altar of the spirit husband. That's why you can't have children. There are people whose marriages, whose destinies are on the altar of the spirit husband. Sometimes they capture your glory. And you're going around. Good things cannot happen to you because your virtue has been captured. It's at the altar of the spirit husband and the spirit wife. So I want you to pray right now. Say, I withdraw my blood. I withdraw my blood. My body fluid. My body. My virtue. My virtue. And men, you say your sperm. You say your whatever. Whatever you need to withdraw. Your organs. There are people that there are things of yours that are in the altar of the spirit husband. You need to withdraw it. Amen. Hallelujah. And you're going to do a prophetic action by withdrawing it. You're going to take it back. I withdraw my blood. I withdraw my body fluid. I withdraw my stuff. I withdraw my virtue from the altar of the spirit husband. I withdraw my blood. My body fluid. My womb. Any part of my body in the altar of the spirit husband. I withdraw it. I withdraw it. I withdraw it. I withdraw it. Any part of my body in the altar of the spirit husband. I will draw my blood I will draw my blood I will draw my body free I will draw my will I will draw every part of my body from the altar and the spirit of love I will draw my virtue my marriage my destiny I will draw my soul