Come on, pray. Come on, fight, fight. Come on, fight, fight. Come on, fight, fight. I divorce you. I divorce you. I divorce you. I renounce you. Release me, boy, fire. Release me, boy, fire. Release me, release me. You spirit host, Lord. I divorce you. I renounce you. By the blood of Jesus, release me. Commander to release you Come on divorce them Come on renounce them Divorce them Renounce them Commander to let you go Commander to let you go You belong to Jesus You belong to Jesus You belong to Jesus Body soul and spirit Body soul and spirit You belong to Jesus You belong to Jesus Come, I pray, come, I pray, come, I pray. by the blood of Jesus by the blood of Jesus pray pray pray command the elect you go command the elect you go I divorce you my boy I divorce you divorce them right now divorce them right now remember them right now in Jesus name we pray belong to Jesus the word of God says every part Anything that defiles you the temple of the living God. God himself shall destroy it. God himself shall destroy it. God himself shall destroy all those powers that are defiling you the temple of the living God. In the name of Jesus. I want you to pray like this. And I want you to put your hand upon your womb. Don't tie your hands where you pray deliverance prayers. Put your hand upon your womb. For men upon the lower part, you know, we all have wombs. You have spiritual wombs. Hallelujah. Put your hand upon your womb like on the lower part of your abdomen. And I want you to pray this with holy desperation. Say everything you've deposited in my life. Everything you've deposited in my life. In my body. In my womb. In my womb. Come out by fire. Come out by fire. Blood of Jesus. Put it up. Put it up. Put it up. Spirit Savannah! Everything you can possibly have in my body, in my room. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on! Lord Jesus! Pod! Pod! Pod! Pod! Pod! Everything you need possibly have in my room. Everything you need possibly have in my room. Lord Jesus! Lord Jesus! Lord Jesus! Jesus, put it up, put it up, put it up, put it up, put it up, put it up, put it up, come and pray, come down your hands, come and pray, the blood, the blood, everything deposited in my womb, everything deposited inside of me, in the blood of Jesus, blood of Jesus, blood of Jesus, put it up, put it up, put it up, put it up, come on, pray, pray, pray, pray,