Good day and welcome to this podcast entitled Faith Over Fear. 2nd Timothy 1 verse 7 reads, For God did not give us a spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind. God's love is a spiritual revelation and not an emotion. The love of God will produce the desired emotion inside of us, but cannot be defined and appreciated in the emotional realm alone. Romans 5 verse 5 says, And hope make it not ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us. Once we are born again, we have the privilege of the Holy Ghost reaching every part of our hearts with the love of God. This act raises our standard of love, because now we have God dwelling inside of us, and we have the God kind of love to give to our brothers, our sisters, and neighbors. 1 John 4 verses 15 to 18 reads, Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God. Verse 16 says, And we have known and believed the love that God had unto us. God is love, and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him. This is the quality of love that is required in order for faith to grow, and for fear to disappear. Faith and fear are directly proportionate to the presence or the absence of God's love at work inside of you. Verse 18 says, There is no fear in love, but perfect love cast out all fear. Because fear had torment, he that feareth is not made perfect in love. A classic example of this is a person who suffers from anxiety. The lie of anxiety is that you are in such fear and torment that you may actually die. You are suffering, you are in pain, you are in panic. But when you start speaking into the situation that you are currently going through with anxiety, and start announcing to anxiety and fear the love of God, and start speaking and proclaiming it while you are having that attack, the fear and panic begins to diminish. That is why I always encourage people who have panic attacks, find scriptures that speak of the goodness of God, and during your panic attack, speak those scriptures. This is going to dissolve all fear that is inside of you. God's love, which dwells with inside of us, leaves no room for fear to dwell also inside of us, so neither should there be any fear in us. We have not been given the spirit of fear, but we have the power, and we have the love of God to drive fear out of our lives. Fear is an ungodly intrusion where the believer is concerned. It never originates from a born-again spirit, but love does not allow for its entry into us. If we are in the perfect love of God, then that fear will never remain inside of us. This is because the love of God is rooted in our confident trust,