There is the physical, the emotional, and the spiritual aspect. It is important to start with the spiritual because it will deal with the Creator's views first. His original intent was that by keeping yourself from defilement, you will produce a lot of healthy emotions that your partner will benefit from and you from them. Unfortunately, purity is a very rare commodity these days. One of the subjects that is going to be raised when speaking with the youth is the subject of masturbation. Pleasuring yourself until you reach an orgasm. Typically only thought of as something that boys would do, but girls also do this. Many kids and adults become hooked on masturbation. In adults, married adults, it's a form of rejection against their partner. Masturbation doesn't go away in marriage. I think that's one of the most common misconceptions about masturbation. If masturbation is practiced regularly, as a young person, then the habit and the action of it will remain with you until true repentance takes place. Apart from the doors that it opens in your life, in the realm of the spirit, If the habit, which has become an addiction, because masturbation ultimately becomes an addiction, it makes your partner question your love for them. Because in marriage you are one flesh and masturbation, apart from it being idolatry, is also very selfish. It's your own way over God's way. Masturbation will awaken feelings inside of you that should truly be awoken within a marriage. One of the feelings masturbation has, if you get caught, you feel guilt or shame. This particular guilt and shame comes from being caught operating outside of the design of God. Adam and Eve hid. They felt guilt when God was in the garden and they were ashamed. And the same feelings that masturbation produces, men and women who are married hide this practice from their partner, as they don't want their partner to know what they are doing. Another topic that needs to be addressed is that of pornography. Pornography is just another addiction, another sexual addiction men and women struggle with. It robs the person who watches it in the true knowing and encounter of their partner. A person who is influenced by pornography will demand sex according to what they have witnessed while watching pornography. Pornography is just acting and I think that's what children need to understand. It's fantasy. Those people get paid. Some of them are models. Some of them are in big problems. That's why they are doing pornography for cash. Pornography only sells you fakeness. It sells you fantasy. It sells you problems. Yes, it's true they are engaging in the acts of sex. But it may take the whole day of shooting that particular scene to get the proper look of that scene. To get that fetish that they want to sell. It seems to her is a place where it 꺾 Myers is from. I mean, and let me ask, you know, the men who do not sleep.