Now the doings, the practices of the flesh are clear, they are obvious, they are immorality, uncleanliness or uncleanness, impurity, lasciviousness, that is, indecency, idolatry, sorcery, enmity, strife, jealousy, anger, ill-tempered, selfishness, divisions, dissensions, party spirits. Verse 21 says, envy, drunkenness, carousing, that's been having a party, and the like, I warned you beforehand, just as I did previously, that those who do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. Very stern warning. So uncleanness or uncleanness is contamination, pollution and impurity, the opposite of purity, lasciviousness is showing a desire for the unseemingly interest in sex, provoking or inciting lust. 1 Peter 2 verse 9 to 11 says, But you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a dedicated nation, God's owned, purchased, special people, that you may set forth the wonderful deeds and display the virtues and perfections of Him who called you out of darkness into His marvelous light. Beloved, I implore you, as strangers and exiles in this world, to abstain from sensual urges, that is, the evil desires, the passions of the flesh, your lower nature, that wage war against your soul. As young people, if what you are doing is even bringing up a thought of impurity in your mind, you should abstain and flee from it. You must decide where you can draw the line based upon God's principles. If you are stimulated sexually without being able to go through with it, which you are not able to, then it's sin. So in closing, if any relationship causes you to lose faith in God, it's not from God. Run away from it. So in closing, again, if you cleanse yourself from your youthful lusts and flee from them, you will be a vessel set apart for honorable and noble purposes. So if you've already made the mistake and, or if the youth have already made the mistake, then you need to remind them that, God promises that he will restore the years that the locusts have eaten. He is just looking for a willing, remorseful heart and for the people who will take the stand against the immorality that is in this world. Someone who will choose to go against the stream and walk in purity. Who will shun youthful lusts and flee from them and cleanse himself or herself from what is unclean. Who separates themselves from anything that's going to contaminate or corrupt or influence them in an ungodly way. So it is up to us to choose God's way over our own.