So whoever chooses to be a friend of the world takes his stand as the enemy or an enemy of God. So the question is, does your hope and attraction lie more towards what is godly or more towards what is worldly? That is a self-examination you will have to do within yourself. It is natural for young people to be attracted to one another. That's quite normal. That is how the chemistry between two people starts. The point we are trying to make is that when the attraction, that chemistry is there, how far can you go? 1 Samuel 16 verse 7 says, For the Lord sees not as man sees, for man looks on the outward appearance, but the Lord looks on the heart. Of course, God gave us feelings and he wants us to be in love with our spouses, but the enemy wants to make that love very cheap. Every time you give your heart to someone and it gets broken, you have less to give to your spouse someday. This is called fragmentation. Another excuse young people like to use is that everyone is doing it, so surely they can do it also. But just as we read, friendship with the world is enmity with God. You have gone to something, the world to which you do not belong to. You shouldn't be in that particular space. As we read in 1 Thessalonians 4 verses 3 to 7, It is God's will that you should be sanctified, that you are set apart, you are holy, and you should avoid sexual immorality. Learn to control your own body in a way that is holy and honorable and not lustful. If you reject this instruction, you reject God who gives you the Holy Spirit. Every Christian must count the cost of following Christ and not take being a Christian lightly. So, there should be no sex before marriage. This is the design of God. The next question the youth might ask is, what about heavy petting? Some places they call it dry humping, other places have different names for it, and also oral sex. And they may reason and say, but that is not sex. Let's look at the meaning of a few difficult words spoken in the Bible and the meaning. The first being lasciviousness, and the other one is licentiousness. Jude chapter 4 For there are certain men, crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God and our Lord Jesus Christ. The definition says, stirring up desires which cannot be satisfied within God's limits, excess or too much, going beyond, having no limits or boundaries, letting yourself go. Next word is concupiscence and covetousness. Romans 7 verse 8 says, But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought in me all manner of concupiscence. For without the law, sin was dead. And Colossians chapter 3 verse 5 says, Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth, fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection.