for our lives. God bless you all. Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to continue with a series called God's Design. If you haven't checked out the first two installments then I strongly suggest you go and check it out so that you can get up to speed with what we are talking about. This podcast is a response to the onslaught that is taking place against our young people about sex and the secular view of sex. If we as the church allow the secular views to continue to permeate the minds of our youth then we will have a pandemic of a different sort within the church. So this teaching is for any pastor, youth leader or any Christian who wants to have a discussion about sex with the youth then they have material on which they can fall back on. In this podcast we will also look at scriptures that support God's view of sex and how we should conduct ourselves as Christians. As the church and as parents it is our responsibility to educate our kids about sex. We must educate our kids on God's plan for their sexuality since God created us and also the proper use of our bodies with regards to sex. Children as they grow will start to find out about sex. There are many sources for them to find out and if we don't teach them then they may be wrongly influenced by secular media or friends or even sexual groomers and also by the culture in which they grow up in. It is our responsibility to lay down the foundation for them before someone else does. Friends alone unfortunately are just not the best influences for our children and can normalize perversion in your child. So your child will see perverted views on sex as normal if the issue is not addressed. The wrong messages sent will distort your child's view on sex and about their bodies. In many cultures sex was a very taboo subject and was not discussed with children. And most of the time regardless of your location on earth if you even mentioned sex when you were a child your parents may threaten you with a hiding. So it was very difficult for children to approach their parents on that subject. But the talk is a powerful tool in the hand of the church and of the parents to educate our kids on God's design for their bodies. Parents should engage the child or children in the subject of sex and be open to the child or children of a reasonable age of understanding to have that kind of dialogue. And as a parent if you require assistance then reach out to a pastor or somebody in that field that can assist you with having that particular talk. There are three aspects to sex. There are three aspects to sex.