But God requires us to know our partners, not spring surprises on them that is outside of the design of God in bed. The word know means to intimately know the limits of your partner, the likes of your partner, and to operate within the godly design that God has for you and your partner. You will not harm your partner, you will not hurt your partner, you will not make your partner feel inadequate because you know them intimately. A person who watches porn will ultimately have unrealistic expectations from their partner and soon find out that when their needs are not met in the marriage or with their partner, then they feel unfulfilled. Pornography can make you reclusive. It can reinforce your own inadequacies about your appearance. It can create within you a preference and false expectation from people. These expectations may make it seem like what you see on the video you're watching is actually normal in everybody's bedroom and that's not the case. Ultimately, what you see in you, you're going to reap later on in life and your relationships will pay the price for your ungodly expectations. So now we're going to look at scriptures and just see how far God wants us to actually go. For this is the will of God, that you should be consecrated, which means separated and set apart for pure and holy living, that you should abstain and shrink from all fornication. The word fornication in the Greek is ponia, pornography, where we get our word pornography from. That each one of you should know how to possess, and in the Amplified Version it has there, to control, manage his own body in consecration. There is purity separated from the things profane and honor. Verse 5 says, Not to be used in the passion of lust, concupiscence, like the heathen who are ignorant of the true God and have no knowledge of his will. I like the fact that Paul believes that there is such a practice that is occurring currently in the world. He says, Like the heathen do. So there is a godly design and there is an ungodly design. And Paul is saying we should not follow the pattern of the ungodly design, because they do not know the true God, or God's will, or have knowledge of him. Colossians 3, verses 4 and 5 says, When Christ, who is our life, appears, then you also will appear with him, and in brackets it says, the splendor of his glory. So kill, and it says in the brackets they didn't deprive the power, the evil desire lurking within your members, those animal impulses, and all that is earthly in you that is employed in sin. I like that.