And all that is earthly in you that is employed in sin. I like that. Because it says it is employed in sin. And when you employ your members in sin, the wages of sin is death. It goes on to say fornication, impurity, sensual appetites, unholy desires, and greed, and covetousness. For that is idolatry. The define of self and other created things instead of God. So we can see from these verses, God is saying some things. Number one is having sex when you are not married. What is the meaning of fornication? It's sexual intercourse between a man and a woman who are not married. Or any form of sexual behavior considered to be immoral. Fornication in the Greek, the word is pornea, meaning pornography. To indulge unlawfully outside of a limit that has been set by God. Idolatry, harlotry, fornication are the root words. The root words for it is pornea. Galatians 5 verse 19 to 21 says, Now the doings, the practices of the flesh are clear, obvious. They are immorality, impurity, indecency. Verse 20 says, Idolatry, sorcery, enmity, strife, jealousy, anger, that has been ill-tempered, selfish divisions, dissensions, party spirits, that is factions, that the left wing, the right wing, with their various opinions, and also their heresies. Verse 21 says, Envy, drunkenness, carousing, and the like, I warn you beforehand, just as I did previously, that those who do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. And this means to put something before God, substitute for God, substituting the real activity or thing. An idol is not God. It is something in a person's mind that looks like God. The next one is harlotry. Ezekiel chapter 23 verse 8 says, Neither has she left her harlotries since the days of Egypt, from where she brought them. For in her youth men lay there with her, and handled her girlish bosoms, and they were poured out their sinful desire upon her. The last part says, And they poured out their sinful desire upon her. Ezekiel 23 verse 3 says, And they played the harlots in Egypt, and they played the harlots with their youth, and their bosoms were pressed, and their virgin breasts were handled. The definition is, involved in activity outside of God's limits. Young girls should take very note of this. Adultery is the next one. The Greek word has the same root, meaning mine. Showing ownership. The definitions to set your affections, romantic gift or ability, on that which is not yours, or that which you do not belong to. James 4 verse 4 says, You are like unfaithful wives, having illicit love affairs with the world, and breaking your marriage vow to God. Do you not know that being the world's friend is being God's?