Supernatural knowledge. And we should seek first the supernatural knowledge of God before we seek out our own physical needs. Why, you might ask, well, you are a representative of the Father here upon the earth. And if you have no knowledge of the Father, how then can you represent Him here upon the earth? How can you stand as an ambassador for Him here upon the earth? Your role and responsibility in faith is to produce what God requires of you here upon the earth. God has a requirement in the earth that has to be met through you. In the same manner, Jesus said, I do nothing of my own will, is the same manner you and I must now consider God. Think on Him first. What does His words say? What does He require of me? And with that information, with that knowledge, by faith, then stand in the gap that God requires you to stand. The knowledge of God, what God reveals to you, is supernatural. It is higher than the information you will ever receive here upon the earth. It doesn't matter what technology's advancements are. But when God gives you information, it is far superior than anything you have ever heard here upon the earth. Ephesians 1, verses 17 and 18 reads, That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of Him, the eyes of your understanding being enlightened. This verse tells us that we have a physical limitation as man. But when we are engaged in the supernatural realm, when we are engaged with the Father, then what we see and what we hear and what we do will no longer be limited, but it will be increased because the Father will give us the spirit of wisdom. He will reveal to us in the knowledge of Christ Jesus the things that we need to do for our lives and the things not only for our lives, but also for the lives of other people. The eyes of your understanding will be enlightened. So when you see natural things happening, then you don't come with natural solutions, but you come with spiritual solutions. An example of this is when Jesus was going past the pool of Bethesda and he saw the lame man sitting there and he said to the man, Will thou be made whole? And that's the King James language. But basically said, Do you want to be healed? Do you want to be made full again? And the man said to him, I've got nobody to pick me up and put me in the waters when the angel comes and troubles the waters. And then Jesus said to him, Get up and take your bed. You are healed. And later on, Jesus met the man again. And Jesus said to the man, Sin no more. Jesus in the realm of the spirit saw the root of the man's problems, that it was sin. And he told him to sin no more, lest a worse thing come upon you. Now he is speaking from a spiritual realm. Now he is speaking from a spiritual realm.