Today's sponsor for this podcast is Whisperskincare.com. Integrated bodywork, customized massages to relieve muscle aches and pains, increase your flexibility and range of motions. Other services include facials that is fighting the effects of aging, improve skin's elasticity, lift and scalp your face, neck and décolleté and much more. Contact Whisperskincare.com, whisperskincare.com, helping both male and female improve their lives. And another big shout out goes out to Norman and Tanisha Miller who have sponsored this podcast. They are from the YouTube channel Repentance 101, The Millers. Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to continue with the series called Building Faith. Today's going to be the final installment of Building Faith. If you go through the podcast, you'll remember that we started with the foundations of faith. What is the basis of faith? The role of the Word of God in faith. The role of hope in faith. We also spoke about how we should develop the understanding that it is not just merely information that is inside of your mind, reading the Word of God and then just regurgitating it, but it is using your faith given to you by God with the Word to receive that which you are asking God for. And today we're going to continue with looking at information versus knowledge. We're going to look at the role of God in faith and His importance in all of it and how we should then approach the Father so that when we do approach Him, we are not rejected by Him, but we are received by Him and the things that we request are granted by God because they line up with the will of God for our lives. This is probably one of the famous verses that people use when they are quoting scriptures about God. They say, My people are destroyed for a lack of knowledge. Another way you can read this verse is, My people are destroyed for a lack of me. That word knowledge means to take into consideration. It means to sit down and think a thing through before you act upon it. That word knowledge refers to God Himself. If you go to Hosea verses 1 to 6, You will see that when the people rejected God and rejected the knowledge of God in their conduct, then verse 6 comes about where He says, I will also reject thee and you will be no priest to me. Your natural knowledge, that is your five senses, limits you to the physical world, what you see, touch, taste here and so on. And it only seeks to please itself. But the spiritual knowledge, the fear of God, the knowledge that there is a supreme being, that there is a creator, and He has a plan for your life, that is super important.