That is going to come into the physical realm. His eyes of understanding were open and he was not limited to what the physical senses showed him. In order for you to walk out your faith in a particular area, you need knowledge of that particular subject or that particular matter. If we do not engage the word of God by faith on a particular matter, we will be walking in darkness in that particular area and we will not have the authority required for us to overcome that particular situation. We need the revelation of our situation released to us from the word of God by God so that we can be overcomers in that particular area. It may be a stronghold, it may be a setback, but the word of God has got the information, the revelation required for us to overcome it. One of the major concerns that we should be concerned about, because it's God's concern, is how selective we are in applying the word of God to our lives. We cannot pick and choose when to be godly. We have to live for God, consider him always, and be obedient to his will. The extreme opposite of authority is obedience. When the policeman raises his hand to pull you over the side of the road, if he's standing on the road because he caught you speeding on his speedometer, it is then your obedience to that command that makes his authority effective. We, as the children of God, need to be obedient so that the authority that has been laid in us by God or given to us by God can be effective. Ultimately, it is God that's going to do the work, but we have to be obedient and not selective when we want to choose to serve the Father and how we want to choose to serve the Father. We should do it in the manner that he has prescribed of us, complete and total obedience. Proverbs 1 verse 7 says, The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge. That word knowledge is the same word in Hosea chapter 4. So, considering God, always considering God, is the beginning of knowledge. That is the fear that you have. You will first ask the question, is God going to be happy with this? Joseph is a prime example of that. When Potiphar's wife said, Joseph, come have a freebie with me. Joseph said, how can I do this to my God? His primary concern was not himself, not serving himself, but the Father in heaven. Proverbs 2 verses 5 and 6 reads, Your go-to for wisdom is God, and out of his mouth you will receive knowledge and understanding. There are many scriptures where God says, come to me, ask me for knowledge.