Hallelujah. We're going to call them any sexual demons. Amen. Hallelujah. Because we don't even want to even say that they are wife or husband. Because they are not in Jesus' name. Amen. Hallelujah. Say, you incubus, succubus, spirit, release me by fire in the name of Jesus. You incubus, spirit, harassing my life. Release me by fire. Any incubus, spirit, any sexual demon, harassing my life and earthly minds. Release me, release me, release me. Release me by fire, by fire. You incubus, spirit, release me by fire. Release me by fire. Release me by fire. Release me by fire. Any incubus, spirit, release me, release me. Release me by fire. Release my children. Any incubus, spirit, in the lives of my children, release them, release them by fire. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Say, you incubus, spirit, I divorce you by the blood of Jesus. You incubus, spirit, I divorce you, I divorce you, I divorce you, I divorce you, I divorce you by the blood of Jesus. I divorce any equitable spirit I divorce you by faith I divorce you right now in the name of Jesus Any power, any spirit, any personality Married to me in the spirit I divorce you I divorce you I divorce you I divorce you I divorce you in the name of Jesus I divorce you I divorce you In the name of Jesus I divorce you Any equitable spirit I divorce you I divorce you in the name of Jesus I am not your wife I divorce you I am married to Jesus i divorce you i divorce you right now i divorce you right now in jesus name we pray amen say any incredible spirit harassing my life die in the name of jesus any incredible spirit harassing my life die die die die by fire by fire fall down and die die fall down and die die any incredible spirit harassing my mind harassing my life harassing my marriage die die die die die and encubles me driving away my earthly husband die by fire die by fire die die die die die die die die die by fire by fire that's name we pray amen say everything if they pursue in my life come out with all your roots in the name of jesus come out by fire anything if they pursue in my life come out come out come out come out come out come out come on begin to hit your stomach begin to hit your womb anything you deposited begin to hit your womb hit your womb hit your womb as you pray anything deposited in my life by the encubles me come out come out come out come out come out by fire by fire come out come out come out anything deposited inside my body any sexual demon come out come out come out by fire come out come out come out come out by fire come out come out come out come out pray amen Fall down and die In the name of Jesus Any power, any speed, any personality Working against my marriage Fall down and die