Spirit of Egypt and I blow down their altars in the name of Jesus. I speak destruction unto the headquarters of the spirit of Egypt. I blow down their altars. I blow down their altars. I blow down their altars in the name of Jesus. I speak destruction unto the headquarters of the spirit of Egypt and I blow down their altars. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. I speak destruction unto the altars speaking against the purpose of God for my life in the name of Jesus. I speak destruction unto every author speaking against the purpose of god for my life in the name of jesus i speak destruction unto every author speaking against the purpose of god for my life in the name of jesus i speak destruction unto every author speaking against the purpose of god for my life for my ministry and destiny in jesus name we pray i declare myself a virgin for the lord in the name of jesus i declare myself a virgin for jesus i declare myself a virgin for the lord i declare myself right now a virgin for the lord in the name of jesus i declare myself a virgin for the lord in jesus name we pray amen let every evil veil upon my life be turned open in the name of jesus let every evil veil upon my life be turned open be turned open every evil veil upon my life upon my destiny be turned be turned be turned be turned open in the name of jesus every evil veil upon my life be torn open in the name of jesus in jesus name we pray amen every wall between me and the visitation of god be broken in the name of jesus every wall between me and the visitation of god break break break by fire by fire in the name of jesus every wall between me and the visitation of god break by fire by fire break by fire by fire every wall between me and the visitation of god break break break break break and we pray amen let the counsel of god prosper in my life in the name of jesus let the counsel of god prosper in my life prosper in my children's life in the name of jesus let the counsel of god prosper in my life prosper in my destiny let the counsel of god prosper in my life prosper in my family prosper in my ministry let the counsel of god prosper in my life in the name of Jesus. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. I destroy the power of any demonic seed in my life from the womb in the name of Jesus. I destroy the power of any demonic seed in my life from the womb in the name of Jesus. I destroy the power of any demonic seed from my life in the womb in my life from the womb in the name of Jesus. I destroy the power of every demonic seed in my life from the womb. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. I speak to my umbilical gate overthrow all negative parental spirit begin to hold your belly button as you pray I speak to my umbilical gate overthrow every negative parental spirit in the name of Jesus I speak to my umbilical gate overthrow overthrow every negative parental spirit in the name of Jesus I speak to my umbilical gate overthrow right now every negative parental spirit in the name of Jesus every family line in Kaboos I speak to my umbilical gate overthrow in Jesus name we pray amen I break the yoke of any spirit having access to my reproductive gates in the name of Jesus I break break break the yoke of any spirit having access to my reproductive gate I break the yoke of any spirit having access to my reproductive gate I break the yoke of any spirit having access to my reproductive gate break break break break by fire by fire break break break break in jesus name we pray amen oh lord let your time of refreshing come upon me in the name of jesus oh lord let your time of refreshing come upon me come upon me come upon me by fire