Yeah, so today we're going to be dealing with this prayer against incubus and succubus, evil spiritual marriage. This is one of the powers that harasses the church most, harasses their destinies, harasses marriages and everything. And the main reason is because people have a lot of covenants that they've created with the devil. A lot of people, I remember one day I'm talking to my spiritual father, Reverend Mosi Maduba, I said, Daddy, people are calling me with all these problems, all these problems. Sometimes it just hurts to see people going through so much. She said, Baby, people have lived a lot of lawless lives. And when their lawlessness start catching up with them, they start calling you. Pray for them the way you can. Don't get your heart tied up in it because you're not the one that lived their lawless lives. People have lived a lot of lawless lives. When the lawlessness catches on with human beings, human beings cannot take the stress of the devil. They will run, they will do anything, they will go to anything just to get a relief. Amen? And then the truth about it is that the main thing that you should do to get relief is to cast yourself onto the cross. Throw yourself at the Lord Jesus with everything that you have. Follow God with all your heart. Resist the devil and you will flee. They don't want that. They dabble around, they dance around with the devil, dance. Then when the devil attacks, they run to God. Ah! And then when they kick that demon out, you go back again and go dance to the devil again. That's just, that's us human beings. Amen? This evil spiritual marriage. These tormenting spirits are responsible for breaking marriages, hatred by earthly spouse, marital distress, sexual relationship in the dream, being jilted, unpardonable sexual error, wrong decisions, neglect, abandonment by the opposite sex, demonic dream assistance, swimming, seeing yourself in the river in the dream, missing your menstrual period in the dream, pregnancy in the dream, breastfeeding baby in the dream, having a family in the dream, shopping with a man or woman in the dream, seeing a man sleeping beside you in the dream, serious gynecological problems. I'm talking about fibroids. I'm talking about, you know, fibroids, endometriosis, ovarian cysts, cervical cancer, deep gynecological problems. Amen? Hallelujah. Having a miscarriage after sexual dreams, dream marriages, impotence. Impotence is one big one in the church. And most people in the church, they don't talk about it. Impotence is very big. I've had many, many, many tell me that pastors, ministers, it's happening a lot. It's your incubus spirit that is making sure that you don't sleep with your wife. Untold hardship, deep financial hardship. When the incubus spirit believes that what belongs to you belongs to them. So when they come, they will steal, they will kill, they will destroy. General failure at the edge of breakthrough. Hallelujah. The main reason why these incubus spirits are harassing a lot of us is because we've opened the door. A lot of us continue to open the door because we're dabbling with the world. We dress like the world. We act like the world. Tight pants, tight this, that, sexual things. Then in the world we are right now, sexual things everywhere. You're driving your car past the road. You're minding your own business. Some woman is walking back half-necked. Some dude is passing by muscles. Do you understand what I'm saying? All that stuff, the devil has made sure that our minds are inundated with sexual content. You turn television on, something is popping up. Some woman is shaking their bum bum. You don't, you don't, you know what I'm saying? Somebody is making some noise. It's just too much. That is why it is hard for anybody in this season and age. I can bet every single one of us in this place has there with incubus or succubus spirit. If you say you don't have it, you're lying. As long as you've opened your eyes and listened to some of them.