Turn your back on me forever. In the name of Jesus, I come at you, incubus, spirit. Turn your back on me forever. In the name of Jesus. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. I renounce and reject any name given to me by the incubus spirit. In the name of Jesus. I renounce and reject any name given to me by the incubus spirit. In Jesus' name. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. I hereby declare and confess that the Lord Jesus is my husband for eternity. In the name of Jesus. I hereby declare and confess that the Lord Jesus is my husband for eternity. The Lord Jesus is my husband for eternity. In the name of Jesus. I never confess the Lord Jesus is my husband for eternity. I confess that the Lord Jesus is my husband for eternity. In the name of Jesus. I declare and confess that the Lord Jesus Is my husband for eternity In Jesus name we pray Amen I soak myself with the blood of Jesus And I cancel every evil mark Place upon me in the name of Jesus I soak myself with the blood of Jesus I cancel, I cancel Every evil mark, every evil handwriting Place upon me I soak myself with the blood of Jesus I cancel every evil mark or every writing Place upon me in the name of Jesus I soak myself with the blood of Jesus I cancel, I cancel Every evil mark, every evil handwriting Place upon me in the name of Jesus I soak myself in the blood of Jesus And I cancel it In Jesus name we pray, Amen I set myself free From the stronghold and the dominating power And bondage of the incubable spirit In the name of Jesus I set myself free from the stronghold The dominating power And the bondage of the incubable spirit In the name of Jesus I set myself free from the stronghold From the dominating power And the bondage of any incubable spirit Any incubable spirit I set myself free from the stronghold And the dominating power And bondage of the incubable spirit Or any evil power In the name of Jesus I set myself free from the stronghold And the dominating power In Jesus name we pray, Amen Our paralyzing remote control power And work used to destabilize my earthly marriage And hinder me from burying children From my earthly husband or wife For people that need children, Amen In the name of Jesus I paralyze the remote control power And work used to destabilize my earthly marriage And hinder me from getting married In the name of Jesus I paralyze any remote control power And work used to destabilize my earthly marriage In the name of Jesus I paralyze, I paralyze any remote control power You should destabilize my earthly marriage I paralyze it, I paralyze it In the name of Jesus, I paralyze it In Jesus name we pray Amen I announce to heaven that I'm forever married to Jesus I announce to heaven that I'm forever married to Jesus I announce to heaven that I'm forever married to Jesus I announce to heaven that I'm forever married to Jesus I announce to heaven that I'm forever married to Jesus In Jesus name we pray, amen Every trademark of evil marriage be shaken out of my life In the name of Jesus Every trademark of evil marriage Be shaken out, be shaken out Shake it out, shake it out Shake it out of my life Every trademark of evil marriage Be shaken out of my life Be shaken out of my destiny Be shaken out of my marriage In the name of Jesus Every trademark of evil marriage Be shaken out, be shaken out Be shaken out of my life Be shaken out of my life In Jesus name we pray, amen Every evil handwriting Engraved by iron pen Be wiped out by the blood of Jesus