Water my life, water my yoga with waters of God in the name of Jesus. Water my children, water my destiny, water my ministry with waters of God in the name of Jesus. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Let the careful siege of the enemy be dismantled in the name of Jesus. Let the careful siege of the enemy be dismantled by fire. Be careful siege of the enemy be dismantled by fire. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Oh Lord, defend your interest in my life Oh Lord, defend your interest Defend your interest in my life My God and my Father Defend your interest in my marriage Defend your interest in my ministry Defend your interest in my life My God and my Father Arise, defend your interest in my life Defend your interest in my life In the name of Jesus Defend your interest, Lord In Jesus' name we pray, amen Everything written against me in the cycle of the moon Be blotted out in the name of Jesus Everything written against me In the cycle of the moon Blutter be bluttered out Be bluttered out in the name of Jesus Anything written against me Written against my ministry Written against my destiny In the cycle of the moon Be bluttered out in the name of Jesus Be bluttered out by fire Anything written against me In the cycle of the moon Be bluttered out in the name of Jesus In Jesus name we pray Amen Everything programmed into my genes Be bluttered out by the blood of Jesus Everything programmed into my genes Be bluttered out Be bluttered out be blotted out by the blood of jesus anything programmed into my genes any evil thing programmed into my genes be blotted out by the blood of jesus be blotted out by the blood of jesus anything programmed into my genes i blot you out in the name of jesus anything programmed into my genes be blotted out with the blood of jesus in jesus name we pray amen oh lord shake out seasons of failure and frustration from my life in the name of jesus oh lord shake out shake out seasons of failure. Seasons of frustration in my life and destiny. Shake it out. Shake it out. Shake it out. Shake it out. Seasons of failure in my life and destiny. In our ministry. My God and my Father. Shake it out. Shake it out. Seasons of failure. Seasons of frustration in our life and destiny. In my children's life. Shake it out in the name of Jesus. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. I overthrow every wicked law walking against my life. In the name of Jesus. I overthrow every wicked law walking against my life. Walking against my destiny. I overthrow every wicked law walking against my life. Walking against my destiny. I overthrow it by fire. Every wicked law walking against my life. Walking against my destiny. I overthrow it in the name of Jesus. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. I ordain a new time. Season and profitable law. In the name of Jesus. I ordain a new time. I ordain a new season and a profitable law In my life in Jesus name I ordain a new time I ordain a new season I ordain a profitable law in my life and destiny In the name of Jesus I ordain a new season I ordain a new time and a profitable law In my life in Jesus name we pray Amen I speak destruction unto the palace of the queen of the coast and the rivers In the name of Jesus I speak destruction unto the palace of the queen of the coast And the queen of the river I speak destruction Unto the palace of the queen of the coast And the queen of the river I speak destruction Unto the palace of the queen of the coast And the queen of the river I speak destruction right now Unto the palace of the queen of the coast And the queen of the river I speak destruction In the name of Jesus In Jesus name we pray Amen I speak destruction Unto the headquarters of the street of Egypt And I blow down your altars In the name of Jesus I speak destruction Unto the headquarters of the street