The snake deposit in my body by the incubus spirit to do me harm. And I command you to come out in the name of Jesus. I break the head of the snake deposit in my body by the incubus spirit to do me harm. And I command you come out, come out, come out. I break, break, break the head of the snake deposit in my body to do me harm. I command you to come out. I break the head of the snake. Break, break, break the head of the snake deposit in my body to do me harm. I command you, come out, come out, come out Come out by fire, by fire, the snake I break the head of the snake Deposit in my body to do me harm I command you, come out, come out, come out In Jesus' name we pray, amen I purge out with the blood of Jesus Every evil material Deposit in my womb To prevent me from having children on earth A spiritual for those needing children Amen, hallelujah I'm going to pray I purge out with the blood of Jesus Every evil material Deposit in my womb To prevent me from having children on earth In the name of Jesus I purge, I purge in the blood of Jesus Every evil material Deposit in my womb I purge, I purge in the blood of Jesus Every evil material Deposit in my womb We purge, we purge, we purge, we purge We purge in the blood of Jesus Blood of Jesus Purge Every evil material Deposit in my womb In the name of Jesus In Jesus' name we pray amen lord repair and restore every damage done to any part of my body and my earthly marriage by the incredible spirit in the name of jesus lord repair and restore any damage done to any part of my body by the incredible spirit and my early marriage my god and my father repair and restore any damage done to any part of my body and my early marriage by the incredible spirit in the name of Jesus. Father, repay and restore any damage done to any part of my body by the incredible spirit in the name of Jesus. My father, my God, repay and restore, repay and restore any damage done to my early marriage by the incredible spirit in the name of Jesus. Repay and restore it. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. I reject and cancel evil pronouncement, spell, jinx, enchantment, incantation placed upon me by the incredible spirit in the name of Jesus. I reject and I cancel every curse, evil pronouncement, every chantment, hex, incantation placed upon me by the incredible spirit, chantment placed upon me by the incredible spirit. I reject it. I cancel every hex, every jinx, every incantation, every curse, every enchantment placed upon me, every spell placed upon me by the incredible spirit. I reject and cancel it. I reject and cancel it. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. I take back all my earthly belongings in the custody of the incredible spirit in the name of Jesus. I take back, I take back all my earthly belongings in the custody of the incredible spirit. I take back by fire. I take it back, I take it back. All my early belongings. In the custody of the incredible spirit. I take it back by fire. I repossess right now. All my own deep belongings in the custody of the incredible spirit in the name of Jesus. I take it back, I take it back. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. I command every incredible spirit, turn your back on me forever. I renounce and I reject no. I command every incredible spirit, turn your back on me forever. In the name of Jesus. I command your incredible spirit. Turn your back on me Turn your back on me forever Turn your back on me forever In the name of Jesus I command you