Jesus, purge me from every contaminating material. In the name of Jesus, blood of Jesus, purge me, purge me from every contaminating material. In the name of Jesus, the blood of Jesus, purge me. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Let the spirit husband fall down and die in the name of Jesus. Every spirit husband, every incubus spirit, fall down and die, die. Fall down and die, die. Fall down and die by fire. In the name of Jesus, every incubus spirit, fall down and die. In the name we pray. Amen. Let all your children attached to me fall down and die in the name of Jesus. Let all your children attached to me fall down and die, die. Let all your children attached to me pray. Amen. I burn your certificates and destroy your rings In the name of Jesus I burn your certificates and destroy your rings Burn, burn, burn I burn every certificate I destroy your certificates I destroy your rings in the name of Jesus Every certificate I burn, burn, burn, burn Burn by fire by fire In Jesus' name we pray, amen I execute judgment Against water spirits And I declare you reverse Reserved for everlasting chains in darkness In the name of Jesus I execute judgment against water spirits I declare that you reserve For everlasting chains in darkness In the name of Jesus I execute judgment upon water spirits And I decree that you reserve For everlasting darkness In the name of Jesus I execute judgment upon water spirits In Jesus' name we pray Oh God arise Contend with those that are contending with me Those that are contending with me in the name of Jesus All right, all right, all right Contend with them that are contending with me in the name of Jesus All right, so God Contend with them that are contending with me In Jesus' name we pray, amen Every trademark of water spirits Be shaken out of my life In the name of Jesus Every trademark of water spirits Be shaken out, be shaken out Be shaken out of my life Be shaken out of my life In the name of Jesus Every trademark of water spirits be shaken out be shaken out be shaken out of my life be shaken out of my life in the name of Jesus every trademark of water spirit be shaken out be shaken out okay that's it in the 6th this is something inside be shaken out of my life trademark of water spirit be shaken out of my life in Jesus name we pray amen come and begin to thank the Lord for everything that has broken every incubus we have broken send them to the pit we gather them we send them to the pit we declare there will be no regroup