My God and my Father, let your time of refreshing come upon my life, come upon my destiny, let your time of refreshing come upon me by fire. Come upon me, come upon me in the name of Jesus. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. I bring fire from the altar of the Lord upon every evil marriage in the name of Jesus. I bring fire from the altar of the Lord upon every evil marriage harassing my life, harassing my marriage. I bring fire from the altar of God upon every evil marriage. I bring fire, fire from the altar of God upon every evil marriage in the name of Jesus. I bring fire from the altar of God upon every evil marriage. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. I redeem myself by the blood of Jesus from every sex trap in the name of Jesus. I redeem myself by the blood of Jesus from every sex trap. I redeem myself by the blood of Jesus. I redeem my children, I redeem my destiny I redeem my ministry by the blood of Jesus I redeem my marriage by the blood of Jesus From every sex trap in the name of Jesus I redeem myself by the blood of Jesus From every sex trap In Jesus name we pray, amen I erase the engraving of my name On every evil marriage record In the name of Jesus I erase the engraving of my name On every evil marriage record I erase it, I erase it I erase, I erase the engraving on my name on every evil marriage record in the name of jesus i erase by fire the engraving on my name on every evil marriage record in the name of jesus i erase right now the engraving of my destiny upon every marriage record in jesus name we pray amen i reject and renounce every evil speech and marriage in the name of jesus i reject and renounce any evil speech and marriage in the name of jesus i reject and renounce any evil speech and marriage in the name of jesus i reject i reject i renounce i renounce any evil spiritual marriage in jesus name we pray amen i confess that jesus is my original spouse and is jealous over me in the name of jesus i confess that jesus is my original spouse and is jealous over me the lord jesus is my original spouse and is jealous over me in the name of jesus i confess right now the lord jesus is my original spouse and is jealous over me in jesus name we pray amen i issue a bill of divorcement to every spirit husband in the name of jesus i issue a bill of divorcement to any evil husband in the name of jesus i issue a bill of divorcement to every spirit husband i issue a bill of divorcement to every spirit husband in the name of jesus i issue a bill of divorcement to every spirit husband in jesus name we pray amen i bind every spirit husband with everlasting chains in the name of jesus i bind every spirit husband with everlasting chains in the name of jesus i bind i bind every evil husband every spiritual husband with everlasting chains i cast them into the pit i bind every incubus with everlasting chains i cast them into the pit in Jesus name we pray amen let heavenly testimonies overcome evil testimonies of hell in my life in the name of Jesus let heavenly testimonies overcome every evil testimony in my life I'm calling let heavenly testimonies overcome evil testimonies in my life I'm ministering heavenly testimonies overcome evil testimonies in my life in the name of Jesus in Jesus name we pray amen oh Lord bring to my remembrance every spiritual trap and contract in the name of Jesus. O Lord, bring to my remembrance every speech at trap and contract in the name of Jesus. My Father, my God, bring to my remembrance every speech at trap and contract. Bring to my remembrance every speech at trap and contract in the name of Jesus. Amen. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Let the blood of