Every evil handwriting engraved by the iron pen, be wiped off by the blood of Jesus. In Jesus name we pray. I bring the blood of Jesus upon this free that does not want to go. In the name of Jesus, I bring the blood of Jesus upon any free that does not want to go. I bring the blood of Jesus upon any free that does not want to go. I bring the blood of Jesus upon any free that does not want to go. In the name of Jesus, I bring the blood of Jesus on every evidence that can be tendered by wicked spirits against me. I bring the blood of Jesus on any evidence that can be tendered by wicked spirits against me. In the name of Jesus, I bring the blood of Jesus upon any evidence that can be tendered by wicked spirits against me. against my marriage, I bring the blood of Jesus upon every evidence that can be tendered by wicked spirits against me. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. I file a counter-report to the heavens against every evil spiritual marriage in the name of Jesus. I file a counter-report to the heavens against every spiritual marriage. I file a counter-report on heaven. The word of God says, whosoever defiles me, the temple of the living God, God will destroy it. I file a counter-report right now in heaven against every evil spiritual marriage. I file a counter-report in the heavens. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. I refuse to supply any evidence that the enemy may use against me. In the name of Jesus, I refuse to supply any evidence that the enemy may use against me. I refuse, I refuse. I will not supply any evidence that the enemy can use against me. I refuse to supply any evidence that the enemy can use against me. In the name of Jesus, I will not supply any evidence that the enemy can use against me. In Jesus name we pray Amen Let satanic exhibitions be destroyed by the blood of Jesus Every satanic exhibition Be destroyed by the blood of Jesus Every satanic exhibition Be destroyed, be destroyed Satanic exhibition Be destroyed by the blood of Jesus Every satanic exhibition Be destroyed by the blood of Jesus Satanic exhibition Be destroyed, be destroyed Be destroyed by the blood of Jesus Satanic exhibition Be destroyed by the blood of Jesus In Jesus name we pray I declare to you spirit husband There is no vacancy for you in my life In the name of Jesus I declare to you incredible spirit There is no vacancy for you in my life There is no vacancy for you in my life I declare to you any incredible spirit Any familiar spirit Any married spirit In the name of Jesus I declare to you right now Any witchcraft spirit There is no vacancy for any evil spirit in my life There is no vacancy for you in my life I declare to you right now There is no vacancy for you in Jesus name we pray amen in Jesus name we pray amen hallelujah oh Lord arise make me a vehicle of deliverance in the name of Jesus oh God arise make me a vehicle of deliverance make me a vehicle of deliverance in the name of Jesus my father my father arise arise make me a vehicle of deliverance make me a vehicle of deliverance in the name of Jesus my God and my father arise make me a vehicle of deliverance In Jesus name we pray Amen I come by faith to Mount Zion Come on deliverance upon me now Oh Lord I come by faith to Mount Zion Come on deliverance upon me Oh Lord My God and my Father I come by faith to Mount Zion Come on deliverance upon me Come on deliverance upon me In the name of Jesus I come by faith to Mount Zion My Father, my Father Come on deliverance upon me Come on deliverance upon me In the name of Jesus In Jesus name we pray Amen lord water me with waters of god in the name of jesus my father water me with waters of god father water me with waters of god in the name of jesus