Chasing away my husband. Fall down and die. In the name of Jesus. Any power, any spirit, any personality. Chasing my God-given husband away. Fall down and die, die, die, die. Any power, any spirit, any personality. Chasing away my God-given husband. Die, die, die by fire. Die, die, die by fire. Die, die, die by fire. Die, die, die by fire. Die by fire. Die, die, die by fire. In the name of Jesus. Any power, any spirit, any personality. Chasing away my husband. Chasing away my God-given husband. Die, die, die by fire, by fire, by fire. Fall down and die, die, die, die. Any power, any power, chasing away my husband. Fall down and die, die, die, die, die, die, die. . In Jesus name, we pray amen in that Jesus motivates us to incredible encouragement things to THIS NAME. Say, I divorce and renounce, any marriage with a spiritual channel or An Incubible Spirit or An Incubible Spirit in the name of Jesus? I divorce and renounce I divorce and renounce any marriage with any on any 2005 spirit or any evil spirit in the name of Jesus? I divorce I I I invoice I I I divorce I I description every evil spiritual marriage I divorce it I renounce it I divorce it I renounce I divorce it I renounce any marriage with any equal spirit any marriage with any evil spirit in the name of Jesus I divorce I renounce I divorce I renounce any marriage with any equal spirit in Jesus name we pray amen say I break all covenants enter into with any equal spirit in the name of Jesus I break break break all covenants Enter into any sexual demons. I break, break, break all covenants. Enter into any miserable spirit. I break the跟大家. I break, break, break, break. I break every covenant. Enter into whatever need to be greater. Break, break, break, break. Break my fire by fire. Break every covenant. I break the covenant. I break the covenant. Enter into whatever need to be greater in the name of Jesus. in jesus name we pray amen i command the thunder fire of god burn to ashes the wedding gown the ring the photograph and any other material used for the spiritual marriage in the name of jesus i command the thunder fire of god burn to ashes any wedding gown any ring any photograph use them for the marriage command the thunder fire of god burn burn burn burn burn to ashes burn the wedding Photograph. Burn everything used for the marriage. In the name of Jesus. Burn the fire of God. Burn, burn, burn, burn. Burn, burn, burn, burn. Burn two ashes. Burn the wedding gown. Burn the wedding ring. Burn anything. Burn anything in Christ. Burn it by fire. Burn anything connecting us. In the name of Jesus. Burn the photograph. Burn the materials. The name of Jesus. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. I send the fire of God. Burn to ashes. Any marriage certificate in the spirit world in the name of Jesus. I send the fire of God. Burn the spirit world. Burn, burn, burn to ashes. Burn to ashes. Any marriage certificate in the spirit world. Fire, fire, fire. Burn, burn, burn, burn. Burn every marriage certificate in the spirit world. I send fire, send fire. Burn them to ashes. Burn to ashes. Every marriage certificate in the spirit world. Holy Ghost fire. Bandai, bandai, bandai, bandai, bandai