These things, it's there. That is why marriages are in such turmoil. That is why there's so much turmoil in the house of God. But you can fight these things and defeat them. Amen? Because the Bible says in the book that whosoever defies the temple of God, God will destroy them. Genesis 6-2 says, the sons of God saw the daughters of men and they were beautiful. They were sexy. And they took wives of them which they desired. If you go around looking sexy, then you have... Those demons will never leave you. You can look nice without looking sexy. The Bible says that a woman of God, a child of God, should be dressed modestly. If your pants is tight, your skirt is tight, your butt is out, this is that. As long as the butt is shaking and men can see it and admire it, demons can do so too. So God will help us. May God... You need to pray for God to reveal these things to you. So you can align yourself with the word of God and don't allow the enemy to destroy you. Amen? 1 Corinthians 3-16 says, No, you know that you are the temple of God and the spirit of God dwells in you. If a man defiles the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple you are. That means, if you yourself as a child of God defile yourself the temple of God, your just man might be coming from God. He might not actually be coming from the devil. God will allow these things to harass you because you're defiling yourself the temple of God. Matthew 2-22-29 said, Your mistake is that you don't know the scripture. You don't know the power of God. For when the dead rise, they will neither marry nor be given in marriage. In this respect, they are like angels. Spirits don't marry. Amen? They are not supposed to marry. It's an illegal relationship. And that is the hospice under which you take to pray. And you declare that you are married to Jesus for eternity. Hallelujah. And we're going to pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. The blood of Jesus sets me free. From sin and sorrow. The blood of Jesus sets me free. Oh, Jesus. The blood of Jesus sets me free. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just begin to repent before the Lord. Say, Father, anything that I've done to open my life to an incubus or succubus spirit, begin to tell the Lord to have mercy on you. Father, anything that I've done to open my life, oh God, to any sexual demon, to open my life to be harassed by this spirit, Father, have mercy. Forgive me, oh God. Forgive me in my ways, in my thoughts, in my deeds, in any way that I've opened my life to these powers, oh God. Father, have mercy on me, oh God. Have mercy on me, oh God. Have mercy on me, oh God. Father, in the name of Jesus. Let the blood of Jesus speak for me. Blood of Jesus. Blood of Jesus speak for me. Blood of Jesus speak for me. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Women are going to say spirit husband. Men are going to say spirit wife. And of course, if you're one of those people that are dabbling with both men and women, you need to say both. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Say, hey, you spirit husband, release me by fire in the name of Jesus. You spirit husband, any spirit husband, any incubus spirit, release me by fire. Release me, release me, release me, release me, release me. Any incubus, succubus spirit. In Jesus' name. Amen. We're not going to call them husband or wife. We're going to call them incubus and succubus spirit. Incubus is the male and succubus is the female. Amen.