Good day and welcome to the podcast, Faith Over Fear. My name is Ashton. Today we're reading from Daniel chapter 3, verses 1 to 6. Nebuchadnezzar, the king, made an image of gold, whose height was three score cubits, and the breadth of six cubits. He set it up in the plain of Dura, in the province of Babylon. Then an herald cried out, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages, that at the time ye hear the sound of the cornet, the flute, the harp, the sackbut, the psalter, the dulcimer, and all kinds of music, he fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king has set up. And whosoever falleth not down and worshipeth, shall the same hour be cast into the midst of the burning fire of furnace. When we look at the news today, the news is always filled with some type of terror attack, some shooting, some robbery, some kind of gender-based violence. As a Christian believer, in Christ, we are no longer slaves to fear, and should never fall prey to it. Because the goal of fear is to paralyze you and to weaken you from that which God has blessed you with, and that is faith. We are living in a world that is held captive by fear. You can only live a fearless life in a fearful world if you are rooted in Christ Jesus and in the word of God. Every day, we are presented with the opportunity to be afraid through media outlets. But as Christians, we rely on our source, which is God the Father, to protect us through all circumstances. As of old, when King Nebuchadnezzar had raised up that image, he had put a fierce structure over the people and had threatened their lives, that if they do not conform to his way, then they will be cast into the fiery furnace. His Babylonian persuasions kept the people under the constant threat of fear or loss, while simultaneously securing the advancement of his Babylonian system. We find evidence of this persuasion in almost every aspect of life here on earth, in the medical industry, government agencies, insurance industries, media, and so on. So, when you hear of things like the new normal, the new normal is rooted in fear. It is a system that has eroded your confidence in what used to be, and has provided you with a fear-based alternative to say that if you do not comply with the new normal, this and that is going to happen to you. Babylon is trying to erode our trust and confidence in our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ. As we read on, Daniel chapter 3, verse 16 to 17, 18 and 19, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego answered and said to the king, O Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter. If it be so, our God, whom we serve, is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace. O Nebuchadnezzar, Meshach, is able to send the word from the Lord and Saviour, to give us permission to deliver us from the stormwater.