And he will deliver us out of thine hand. O king, but if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up. Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. Therefore he spake, and commanded that they should heat the furnace seven times more than it was. It was at this time that their faith demanded that they do not back down from the fear of the fire. Their faith required them to speak in agreement with what God has planned for their lives. You now have to agree with God on the matter that is before you, and not with the enemy. These men's faith in God could not resist the opportunity to let the enemy know, to let fear know, that they were not afraid, even with the threat of the increasing of the heat of the fire seven times. Proverbs 1 verse 33 says, But whosoever hearkened unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear of evil. Protection from fear is simply listening for God's direction and instruction in your life, in every situation that you are presented with. While we do live in a world that is infested with fear, we as the Bible-believing Christians who have faith in Christ Jesus are exempted from fear's effects in our lives if we practice our faith concerning it. And freedom from fear does not happen without the trying of your faith. Fear is always going to try your faith. The world has many fear-based systems, but you need to practice your faith to dwell in the presence of your Father before you react or respond to faith in fear. Proverbs 29 verse 25 reads, The fear of man bringeth a snare, but those who put his trust in the Lord shall be safe. When trouble arises, try, stand, activate your faith instead of activating your fear. James chapter 1 verses 2 to 4 says, My brother, count it all joy when he fall into diverse temptations, knowing this, that the trying of your faith work at patience, but let patience have a perfect work, that he may be perfected and entire, wanting nothing. Your capacity for endurance is developed when you practice and test your faith in the face of fear opportunities presented to you. Proverbs 3 verse 25 says, Be not afraid of sudden fear, neither of the desolation of the wicked when it comes. God's promises have not changed. When he said to Joshua in chapter 1 verses 5 and 6, As I was with Moses, so shall I be with thee. I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. Be strong and of good courage. And with that, Joshua's success was based upon his confidence and trust in God. God...