Whatever purposes they were needed for is completed. Now, according to the spiritual laws of God, it is everlasting. So they're there to stay in our lives. So in the same pattern that Adam sinned and defiled the land and had an issue with God afterwards, is the same pattern our ancestors follow who are not in Christ Jesus. Jesus, your genealogy in you carries a history. And at your birth, you inherited the family name. I have personally been on a two-year journey cleaning my bloodline from my dad's side and my mother's side. Everything my family valued, that we did effortlessly together, needed to be evaluated and reassessed. What I considered normal behavior, I had to come against it with the word of God so I can correct my behaviors that I have inherited through my family. And I was able to do this because I picked up my cross and I viewed the traditions of men that were in my family and I stood against it with the blood of Jesus. Now, Jesus is an intricate part in the role that he has to play to break all the iniquities, the transgressions and the sins and covenants that are in our bloodline. Because all that our family did and our ancestors did was make war against God with the things they did to foreign gods. So whatever I have inherited in my bloodline that is negative, I no longer use it. I no longer agree with it. I no longer accept it. I have analyzed what it is and I have cut it out of my life. Whatever is good that was handed down from generation to generation, that part I keep and walk with it because that's the part I'm going to give to my children. 1 Peter 2 verse 9 says, But you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, his own special people, that you may proclaim the praises of him who called you out of the darkness into his marvelous light. The promise of priesthood comes from the Levites, the tribe of Moses. They were chosen by God to serve him and the people. They were set apart by God, holy in their service unto the Lord. Numbers 18 verse 20 says, Then the Lord said to Aaron, You shall have no inheritance in the land, nor shall you have any portion among them. I am your portion and your inheritance among the children of Israel. God himself was the inheritance. We are God's children now, reborn into his son's covenant that makes us the royal priesthood, who work for him and declare the praises of him. So we have the inheritance of God. One single inheritance. So our past inheritance must fall, must be nullified. All demonic handwriting of ordinances against us must be blood washed. We receive...