Never really agree to. We just grew up thinking that this was normal. But the minute we accept Christ Jesus and we begin to, now we put aside all of these 110 different Gospels, we focus on the Gospel or the doctrine of Jesus Christ. When we start applying the doctrine of Jesus Christ, then we realize that what we've inherited, what we think of as normal, what seems natural to us to do, is actually wrong in the eyes of Christ Jesus. And God says, I am a fair God. If the Son will not walk in the ways of the Father, meaning if the parents are evil, but choose a righteous way, then God is more than able to bless us in that way. And this is what He is saying to us now. Go back and look at your family bloodline. See the covenants that are still in play. Forgive them. Repent of them. All transgressions, all inequities, nail it to the cross. Release yourself from the burdens of those contracts and agreements. And when you start doing that, then choose to serve God and God alone, so that you have only one Master in operation in your life. And all the covenants that are coming back from the days of Adam and Eve and Noah and passing through Africa and passing through Europe will all be broken. And by doing so, we start working on being set free completely in our physical, emotional walk of life. I'm your host, Ashton Campbell, and I hope this podcast has been insightful as it was to me also, because as I was going along, some things have entered into my mind that I spoke of now. In the next installment, we are going to continue looking at generational curses. What I am trying to do is to show you that it's not just about a single prayer. We have to also address the habits that we've picked up, the decisions that we make based upon what our family has decided, the notions and the traditions of our family, to walk in a way of righteousness that Christ has left for us. Because breaking generational curses is not just limited to the prayer, it's a lifestyle change. And we have to call upon the Lord to introduce this new lifestyle change in our lives, so that we can walk in the covenant that God has made for us, the covenant that gives us the blessings of God, the love of God, the righteousness of God, that gives us the faith that gives us the faith that is required to approach God with a good conscience, that we're no longer worried about what our ancestors did that are affecting us today negatively. It's not just about alcohol, it's not just about drugs, it's not just about womenizing, it's not just about obesity, gluttony, it's not just about finances and poverty, it's about a complete lifestyle overhaul. That is how we break these generational curses. Thank you very much. I'll catch you in the next one.