Women who also serve God, or will go to women who also serve God. That is why God was very big on the men not sleeping with foreign women, because foreign women meant that God's seed is going to go into these women who serve foreign gods. Jesus purchased us with his blood. He needs to get what he paid for. And if we've accepted the payment, then what he has purchased, which is us, need to serve him and him alone. Malachi 3 verse 3 says, He will sit as a refiner and a purifier of silver. Silver is always in connection with redemption. He will purify the sons of Levi and purge them, a gold and silver, that they may offer to the Lord an offering of righteousness. There is no record of silver in heaven. All purification required and all refinement will be done here upon the earth on you and I. There is no refinement in heaven. Everything that does not bring out the true silver quality in us must be removed from us. Silver is purified seven times before it is given a pure silver rating. Seven represents divine perfection. Genesis 2 verse 2 says, God rested on the seventh day. Everything made was complete, good and perfect. The Hebrew word for seven is Sheva, from the root Savah, which means full, satisfied, have enough of. Sometimes it takes time to overcome something. So when we find ourselves repeating the same process over and over, we are fighting this battle on one thing. It's a purification process that we are going through. That is why our righteousness will never work. The righteousness asked for and called for by God is His righteousness. It is perfect, it is separated, it is holy, it is associated with the Lord for the work of the Lord. I recall there was a lady I was helping and she wanted some quick fix to her problems that she had. And she had consulted over 80 gurus, spiritists, yoga masters, she did Catholic magic and she did quite a lot of things over the years. I think it was 20 years, I think it was 20 years, from the ages of 20 to 45, she had been practicing all of this new age stuff. When we looked at her bloodline, her bloodline, her people were violent people. She recalls her grandfather was a serial rapist in the area. He raped many women. Her father was off, mentally off. I don't think that's the correct word to say, no. Mentally disabled. And he used to abuse her. He would chase her friends away.