The blood from the cross to wash away all those ordinances set up against us. Colossians 2 says, having wiped out the handwriting of requirements that was against us, which was contrary to us. And he has taken it out of the way, having nailed it to the cross. That is the free gift of Christ Jesus. So we now take the payment of the cross to our debtors and settle all of our debts with them. And I'm speaking of the debtors in the spiritual realm. The payment Christ made for us was made in full. We are just issuing proof of payment as a child of God to our debtors. We are no longer in debt. So their operations in our life need to cease. The Bible tells us that our ancestors migrated from the Tower of Babel thousands of years ago. And they split up and went into various directions upon the earth. There were many distinctions, many tribes, many kingdoms. Some became slaves, others became merchants. Some came down into Africa and became hunters. And the list is endless. Those who moved into Africa, they endured the heat. They endured the wild animals. Those who went to Europe endured cooler climates. Either way, people's features changed over time. And in order to survive, your family, your ancestors may have been killers, may have been soldiers. And in some places, they may have been cannibals eating other people. People, each member of your bloodline added something to the DNA that we have now. And we know this because the Word of God says that all men have sinned. So these sins, we know, are in our bloodline. So here you are now, in the 2000s and you've been born. Or maybe 1980s or so on. You've got a loving mom and a loving dad. But spiritually, you have strong ties to waters, roots, mountain and grave covenants that have all come through your ancestral bloodline. And like Moses, God will honor your family covenants they have entered into and have not yet been broken. Leviticus says, For the land is defiled. Therefore, I will visit the punishment of its iniquity upon it. And the land vomits out its inhabitants. You shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments. And I shall not commit any of these abominations. The last process is for all these abominations the men of the land have done who were before you. And thus, the land is defiled. Let the land vomits you out. Let the land vomits you out also when you defiled it as it vomited out the name of the land.