Her boyfriend molested her. She was molested 19 times and so the list was endless in the battles that she had to face. She was never married and she had no kids. She watched the mother being beaten constantly and always left bloodied by her dad. And she came to Christ and she was seeking out help and she'd been to many different churches. And so I said I will assist her. But because we were on two different continents, it wasn't easy just to automatically assist her. So I gave her some prayers and these prayers started introducing light into her life and it also started to mess with the demons that were messing around with her. And when we were exploring her relationship with her parents and her ancestors, I found that the demons kept re-entering into her. And I said to her, look, you need to forgive your dad, forgive your mother, forgive your grandfather and forgive the people who have hurt you, who have assaulted you. And this was a bone of contention with her as she was bitter and she point-blank refused to forgive any of them. And I said, your refusal to forgive your ancestors, to pray for them, to release them from their crimes is going to hinder your deliverance in life. She just couldn't bring herself to forgive. And because of this unforgiveness she had towards her dad, because of this unforgiveness she had towards her grandfather and her people, she remained trapped. And her and I had to part ways because if she's not prepared to forgive, then the door stays open. So whatever she does today will only keep the door open for those same demons to come back tomorrow. And that is exactly what she was experiencing. So as a trade-off, she complained that a lot of the prayers would kick some demons out and make others angry. And so she made an agreement that she wouldn't pray the prayers and they wouldn't torment her as much. And she ultimately settled for that. So Jesus never really got what he purchased with her, because instead of her fighting the good fight of faith, she chose rather to make an agreement, another agreement, to say that I won't pray these fire prayers. I won't stand in faith. I won't decree, declare. I won't put on the armor of God. I won't consecrate my life to Christ Jesus. I won't walk in the righteousness of Christ Jesus, be dedicated to God. I will pray gentle Jesus prayers. And with the gentle Jesus prayers, you will not attack me. And that was very sad. And so my point being is that when she was born, she inherited a system that she never agreed to. And you and I, when we are born, we inherited systems. We.