...that were before it. The example given is the Amorites that took 400 years for their iniquity to be fulfilled. Eventually God sent the Israelites back to conquer the land and destroy the nations living there. It takes a few generations for sin to pile up to a state that utter destruction is needed to cleanse the land of those sins. All people who came down into Africa would have started in Egypt. The Kemet's proud, strong black nation, they worshipped all these foreign gods. Egypt, many pagan gods were taken by the ancient African people and their tribes to be their gods as they progressed into Africa. These covenants, heritage of black, could still be speaking in your life. And the same if you are a white person who passed through Europe and worshipped Roman gods and Odin. Those covenants your ancestors have entered may still be speaking today in your life. One of the telltale signs that you may have an issue in the realm of the spirit is when people start speaking about spiritual gifts. They speak about having the gift of seeing dead people. Now we know that the word of God says the dead know nothing. And when Jesus explained, he said that the rich man went to the place that was designated for him. And when he wanted to come back to the earth to warn others, Jesus said there are people upon the earth who are warning them. So we know the dead can't come back to life or can't come out of the grave to be seen of men. These are demonic spirits. Now in order for you to see these demonic spirits, you either have to be in Christ, rooted, having your spiritual eyes open, or through your bloodline, there may be a spirit of divination that allows you to see these spirits. Other people have used these so-called gifts in various ways. They have said that they can communicate to the dead. They have said that they can read your fortune. They can see things and these are gifts that they've inherited through their bloodline. But this is a spirit of divination. These gifts will keep working until they are renounced and broken and the benefits of them repented. In Daniel chapter 9, we see that Daniel repents for the sins of his ancestors to God because he knew that the sins and whatever covenants they have entered into were still speaking to him while he was around. And yet he was a faithful man of God who didn't do no wrong in the eyes of the Lord. But because of his ancestors, he repented of their sins. As the story goes, Daniel and the people of Israel were in captivity because of the sins of their ancestors. And that is a picture for you and I who are struggling with generational curses. As we are.