Currently in captivity because of the sins of our ancestors. So Daniel, through no fault of his own, was a slave because of what his ancestors done. And sometimes you and I can feel just like that. A slave. A slave to our job. A slave to our kids. A slave to our friends. A slave to our families. A slave to our addictions. Because we have not addressed the conditions that brought us into such situations. The truth of the matter is our ancestors weren't always God-worshipping people. And by God, I mean the God of Israel. We worshipped various gods, foreign gods. A mix of ancestral worship. A mix of gods. A mix of statues. A mix of worshipping the moon, the sun, the planets, and so on. And because of this, our bloodline is or was spiritually owned by one or more gods. Now listen to this very carefully. Spiritually, our bloodline is owned by one or more gods. In the realm of the spirit, there are agreements and covenants and records kept against us. These agreements were made at altars. These altars have enforcers. These enforcers, as I said previously, are the ones that when we sleep, we see people with no faces standing at the bottom of our bed. These same things hold us down. The other things sleep with us. The other ones masquerade as family members. The other ones want to give us secret knowledge, wisdom, whisper to us, communicate things to us. These are the enforcers of the agreements that are in our bloodline. These are the telltale signs that I am under a generational curse. You may say, but I'm born again. And this is what I'm leading to. The Bible says that you cannot serve two masters. So, if we are owned spiritually through our bloodline to all these other foreign gods, and we have given our life to Christ, but we're still operating with the benefits of those foreign gods, we are still serving two masters. We have to break covenant with the masters that our ancestors have brought into our future. This is vital because we do not want that door our ancestors open to be opened to our children because the spirits will move from you to our kids if we don't address the issues now while there is still time. We are considered the temple, the house of the Lord, the dwelling place of God. But if we are sold off to other gods, how can God come and dwell in us? We see for Abram that all the males had to have the foreskin cut off. This covenant meant that all the seed that proceeded from the generations of Abram would serve God and serve God only. They would serve no other God. That seed will be...