G'day, I'm your host Ashton Campbell and welcome to Breaking Generational Curses. This is the third installment of the series Breaking Generational Curses, Breaking the Cycles of Generational Curses. In the first two we looked at the Bible's view of generational curses and we looked at what curses could be levied against you as you are currently living now. You may have things happening in your life that you cannot understand, but these things you may have inherited through your ancestors. Today we're going to speak about our own bloodline and what exactly should we be looking at when we are trying to trace what is affecting us currently today and the roots thereof. If we inherit looks and skills from our ancestors, then we have to ask ourselves, what else have they given us spiritually? Families before our time or even in our time have made covenants. We are not sure what our ancestors have made a covenant with or who they made a covenant with and for what is the reason they made those covenants with. Families have vices and the spirits that are behind the covenants, the enforcers, that's what they call enforcers. These enforcers, they induce things like alcohol, drug addiction, violence. They make people angry. People suffer from anxiety. They breed fear into the family. They put things like generational poverty inside of the family. They put poverty mindsets inside of the family. And in order for us to recognize why we are in the situations that we're in, for example, why we are at the age of 40 and not married, why we have relationships that continually fail, yet when we look at other people who are considered worse off than us, but yet they have such successful relationships, or at least long-lasting relationships, then we have to start looking at what is at play in our lives. There is a level that goes beyond what you have done in your life. We are purchased by the blood of the Lamb. Once you have repented, you receive the free gift of God. I am choosing to enter into the covenant with Christ. That's what you are saying. But before Christ Jesus, when he gave us this covenant of love, what were the covenants my ancestors were making, and what contracts they had entered into, into the realm of the Spirit, and what are the spiritual legal issues that I am now currently dealing with in my life today? A covenant is a legal contract between a higher power and a lower power. The higher power will offer benefits to the lower power, as long as the lower power continues to serve the higher power. So our ancestors, if they had wanted some sort of gain or victory, would then seek out a higher power. It may not have been God. It may have been something that the village...