And I will turn your bed of afflictions, that I will strengthen thee. That's what we stood on. We took the scriptures and we stood on those scriptures. So while the doctor held the negative report, we came with the good reports. And we didn't lose our confidence in the good reports, standing firmly day and night, praying God's word back to him. If you've been following my podcast, you know, I always say it is not what you say when things are good, but it's what you do under pressure. So when you are faced with adversity in that moment of pressure, what is it that you're going to do? Are you going to stand firmly in the word of God? Or are you going to buckle under the pressure and you're going to accept the bad reports? In the previous podcast, we said that your faith needs to be established on the rock. And the rock is God's word, which is Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Everything that will happen to you on earth must be signed off with your agreement in the spirit realm. Whether you engage in the spirit realm or not, your failure to speak God's word in prayer in the spirit realm over your life is just as you saying to the enemy, I agree with me, I agree with you because I'm not going to use the tools God has given me to fight you and conquer you. Your spiritual life determines what goes on in your physical life. Let's look at what the word of God says about the word of God. We're going to read from Hebrews chapter 4 verse 12. For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of the soul and spirit and of the joints and marrows, and is a discerner of the heart, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. The description of the word is that the word is a verb. It is living. And the definition, according to Strong's, says that it means am alive. The word is saying I am alive. Another descriptive word is powerful. The Strong's reads, the definition of it says that it is active. So it is alive and it is active. And the next descriptive word is that it's sharper. That word means to cut. It is more keener. The next descriptive word is discerner of thoughts and intents. According to Strong's, means that it is critical and that it is able to judge your situations. It says that the word is skilled in judging. And I also miss the word powerful. Strong says that the definition of the word powerful is that it is active. It is productive of due results. It is at work for you. So we see that the Bible is actually a verb. It is a doing word. It is not...