Of symptoms, you then cast away your confidence in God's say on the matter and you allow the sickness then to overtake you and to conquer you. But when we then engage, when we employ, when we use God's word, then the word of God says I. That means that he, Father God, will personally ensure, will not put the diseases which you fear upon you. God has an active role in stopping all sicknesses, diseases to come upon you. But when we don't call upon our stronger partner in this covenanted relationship we have through Christ Jesus, then how are we going to overcome sickness? Let's look at an example of the Israelites when they had left Egypt. Moses had sent out spies to spy the land. And when they returned, they said, yes, it is true. The land flows with milk and honey and various fruits that they have never seen before. They share size of the sheer size of the fruits. But then they turned around and said, the people are strong. The cities are fortified and they are very large. And they saw giants. They saw the descendants of giants. And then they also saw the Amalekites, the Hittites, the Jebusites, the Amorites, and the Canaanites. And they gave a very bad report about what they had seen. Caleb, on the other hand, says, Let us go immediately, without hesitation, and take possession, for we are well able to overcome it. Without fear of what he saw, what he heard. Without fear of sizing up the people. Caleb stood firmly on the promises of God that this is what you are going to inherit. The other men threw away their confidence. They said, we are not able. For they are stronger than we. They haven't even tested the people. They gave a very bad report. And from what they saw, reduced the nation of Israel to a bunch of grasshoppers. Take note of the good report. Even though he had seen the same things the others saw, his report was based solely upon the confidence in the promises of God that they will inherit that land. And they will take possession of it. And that land will become theirs. Like the doctor that came back to the room to tell my brother, you know, if we don't do this operation within the next 24 hours or 48 hours, you are going to die. We didn't agree with that report. We agreed with the report of God that said in the word, I am the God that heal it.