Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to continue with the series called Building Faith. Today we're going to look at the role of your confidence within the Word of God that you read and often quote. Our scripture for this is Hebrews 10 verses 35. Cast not away therefore your confidence which had great recompense of reward. And last year 2021 my brother was admitted to hospital and the doctors had diagnosed that he had a tumor on his brain. There was blood and they needed to urgently operate on him because if they don't operate on him he was going to die. So we heard by his wife the information and I went to go visit him to see how's he doing. So while I was talking to my family members I remembered something that one of my cousins had put in the family chat group. And she said, well you know our granny, our late granny passed away from a tumor on the brain. And I looked at the message and I remembered yes this is true. And so what I did was I immediately went into scriptures and I got healing scriptures and then I went into the bloodline and I came against the spirit, the generational curse that brought about tumors within our family bloodline. And I prayed on his behalf and I prayed on his behalf. Then I went back to the hospital and I took anointing oil and I said to him, this is the situation. We're going to come against you. We'll just first agree with me. There isn't anything you need to do. Just agree with me as I pray. And we're going to come against this tumor that has come through the bloodline. So I asked his wife to leave. And I then, okay, I only wanted people with faith in the room. So that's why I asked her to leave. And I then anointed him and I prayed with him. This was a Wednesday. Thursday, he was scheduled to go to surgery. I think it was the Thursday or the Friday evening. And no, it was the Sunday, that Sunday. So I contacted my sister and I said to her, look, this is in the bloodline. We just need to, you now need to go into the bloodline and come against this also. And when you visit him, take the anointing oil, anoint him and pray with him again to come against this in the bloodline. So the Saturday she went and I gave her the prayers and she was led to pray. Sunday evening went by and the Monday, my brother was scheduled for an operation. So the doctors said he must.