It is something that you just read, it is something that you do, and it is something that is done unto you if you receive it, if you quote it, if you have faith in it, then it will happen to you according to what the Word says. The Word itself, it is not something that it is a dead letter on a page. No, not according to the standards of God, not what God has made His Word to be. And we have to ask ourselves this question, how is our belief in God's Word? Do you have faith in it? You cannot receive God's benefits if you don't believe His Word or His works. By ceding in God's Word and using it as your own first in your thoughts on any situation in your life, if you're coming into the agreement with God's thoughts and God's decisions on every matter that is going on in your life. It will then transform your thinking from a carnal mind, a carnal way of thinking, based upon what you touch, taste, hear, and see, to God's thinking. If you believe from your heart in God's Word, then it will produce God's results in your life. The Word is not meant to be read like a book, but believed in, in its teachings and promises. It is to be lived out daily. 1 John 5, verse 14 reads, And this is the confidence that we have in Him, that if we ask anything according to His will, He heareth us. So we need to guard how we pray also. So one of the things we are taught not to do is pray like the hypocrites, those people who want to be seen. God says don't pray like them. Once they are seen in public and in places where they want to be noticed, they have their reward. He also says don't babble. Use vain repetitions. And we need to be very careful of some of the New Age praying techniques that have crept into the church. Things like contemplative prayer. These are all New Age teachings. They have their roots in Catholicism. And they also have their roots in Hinduism. But we knowing that God hears us because we pray His word back to Him, we must also believe in Him and in the answers that we will receive from Him. There are many reports outside of the word of God designed to bring us into a downward spiral. These reports want to throw away our confidence in God. But your confidence is your freedom in His word. By its truth, it will set you free. If you embrace the negative reports, if you grow weak because of what you see, hear, taste, touch, or the emotions of others, then you will be overcome by the enemy in your spirit first and then in your flesh. But if you hold on and steadfastly...