Eat and they ran MRI scans and they did all of the preparation work before the surgery. And I keep seeing my brother's WhatsApp status. He's angry, he's hungry, he wants to just eat now. It's been so many hours he hasn't eaten and the evening went past and in the morning the doctors came to him. And he was beside himself, he was very angry. And the doctor said, look sir, according to the MRI scans and the tests that we have run on you, we can't find the tumor anymore. It's disappeared, we cannot find the blood clot, we cannot find the opening, we can't find it, it's just gone. And we're going to prepare you to be released within the next two or three days. And within that week, my brother was released from the hospital, no surgery performed. And everybody was hip, hip, hip, hooray. And we didn't, my sister and myself, we didn't throw away our confidence in the prayers we prayed based upon the word of God. And what the word says for my brother's situation, we stood in faith and while he was alive, he agreed with us and that ultimately set him free. Now just a little bit more education on sometimes when you are dealing with sicknesses and disease and illness. Because I was talking to a lady friend of mine who is also a believer. And she said to me that she was talking to one of the deliverance ministers and they had come up against the spirit of fear within the person. And one of the biggest opponents they faced within this person was the spirit of symptoms. And when the spirit of symptoms was questioned, the spirit of symptoms said that it is the spirit that allows you to come into agreement with sickness. Symptoms is the spirit that says to you, oh, there's a needle in your foot. Symptoms says to you, oh, there you go, there's a slight pain on the left hand side of your brain. Looks like you're going to have a migraine. Symptoms says things like, oh, you sneezed and you're feeling cold. Yep, it looks like you're going to get the flu. And we then cast our confidence away and we come into agreement with the spirit of symptoms. In fact, when you go to a doctor, the first thing the doctors ask you is, what are your symptoms? The spirit of symptoms has already played a role within getting you to move away from your confidence within the word of God so that you can come into agreement with the sickness that is happening or wants to happen to you. When you agree with the spirit of symptoms...