They were actually assaulted in one way or another by people they knew and people they didn't knew. And they couldn't come out and tell their family members because they felt ashamed about what had happened. And I was stunned. Yes, I was sitting there thinking, I'm in the wrong conference. But the message of unforgiveness and forgiving others touched my heart in that it sent me on a journey to ask for forgiveness where I need to ask for forgiveness. And confront people who I needed to settle issues with in a loving manner, of course. But back to the conference, this really opened my eyes to the fact that we preach such happy, happy messages. And we tell people all things are new and they must just carry on with their lives and Jesus did it all. We don't realize that people suffer with a lot of trauma and trauma. And sometimes your message can in itself be abusive because it doesn't take into account that somebody sitting there has gone through this particular trauma, trauma. And you're just saying, well, you know, all things are new. But, you know, Paul was saying that I don't hold on to the things of the past, my victories. I make all things new so I can press forward to the mark. So, you know, we must be careful how we twist scriptures to suit our needs. Now, when dealing with such issues and such matters, we should be open with the young people and the people we are speaking with and let them know whether they have been exposed to pornography and such trauma or molestation and sexual abuse that there is a way God has for them to be restored. So, when we make this conscious decision to serve God and to serve God only, then we are not going to go back to our old ways. Because Hebrews 10 verse 26 says, if we sin willfully after we have received the knowledge of the truth, there no longer remains a sacrifice for sins. Verse 29 says that when we do that, we are trampling the Son of God underfoot and counting his blood that was shed as a common thing. And insulting the Spirit of grace, we should take this very seriously, that we are not spurning the grace of God by our own acts, following our own lusts, and not living out the design of God for our lives. There is a particular saying that says, the trauma you have been through is not your fault, but the healing is your responsibility. So, in true repentance, we then give our lives back to God and we ask God to restore us and every part of us that we have used outside of the design of God. We ask for forgiveness and we confess those sins to him and we ask that those sins now be put on the cross of Jesus, the curses of those be put on the cross of Jesus, and the sins covered under the blood of Jesus. Isaiah 65, Isaiah 65, verse 7 says, Instead of your shame, you shall have double honor. If you have for some or the other reason been... And if you have for one or the other reason been...