Sexually assaulted, molested, now you are carrying that heavy burden of somebody else's shame on you because you never asked for it. It is your responsibility now to fight, to be healed from such a trauma. When you forgive somebody for hurting you, you're not saying that what they did was okay. But you are saying that I will no longer live my life with such shame hanging over me because I will forgive that person and I will release them to God so God can deal with them and I can move on with my own life. To start our healing journey and our process, we need true repentance and we also need to have forgiveness. Those are always going to be required of us from God. In our Faith Over Fear teachings, it's another podcast that I do, we understand that God responds to faith. So you need to have faith so God can respond to your faith. And if you need more faith, then remember that faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the Word of God so you get yourself involved in hearing the Word of God to increase your faith. You should then meditate on many healing scriptures to help you understand that God's desire is to heal you and restore you. As we previously discussed, your sexual exploits don't only harm yourself, they also harm your future partner. So it is imperative that God restores you back to the will that He has for your life. So ask the Lord Jesus to come back into your life or ask Him to come into your life and be Lord and Savior over your life. Let Him know that you believe He died on the cross for you and He rose from the dead. And confess everything that He has done for you so far. Romans chapter 10 verse 9 and 10 says, So here are a few steps that the counselor, pastor, youth pastor or yourself if you are addressing a crowd of kids, kids can use, can use. The first thing you would want to do is ask them if there is somebody that they can speak to, that they have confidence in speaking to and opening up to. Because some of these traumas, people don't speak about them. They hold them inside for years and years and years. Because they don't trust anybody around them to release this information to them. And we have to be that safe space for such people that they can open up and confess, Look, this happened to me and it happened at this particular time and this is how I feel about it. And giving them that space and opportunity means that the enemy will no longer have a stronghold over their lives. The next step, we should confess our sins and just let our sins be made known. If we continue to hide our sins, God cannot forgive us and He won't forgive us. We have to confess our sins to one another and He is faithful to heal us. Then we also need to forgive ourselves and whoever perpetrated whatever it was against us who broke our hearts.