G'day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to conclude with the series God's Design. How teenagers and adults should view their sexuality in this modern day and age. Today the world has pushed out a secular message regarding our bodies and also regarding our sexual encounters. The world is saying that it is okay to do whatever you like because it is your body. But they ignore the fact that we have a creator or they choose not to acknowledge the creator of our bodies. And he has a specific design for us and how we should use our bodies in a covenant relationship that he has laid out for us that will ultimately lead us to his blessings. God's principles will ultimately leave us being satisfied within our relationships. We will have the love and acceptance that we are so desiring in this cold world today. So if you've been following the podcast, you know there were numerous topics that were discussed and numerous scriptures that were provided so that we can educate ourselves and educate the youth about making a conscious choice for following God. But in this podcast today we are going to deal with the what-if factor. What if I didn't reserve my sexuality? What if I did the things that were outside of the design of God? What if something happened to me that was outside of my own control? How then do we deal with that and move forward? We could be sitting and talking to a body of people, but not everybody is the same. Some may have suffered trauma. Others may have used their bodies incorrectly. And the message should not be to condemn anybody, but to bring everybody to the forefront of God's blessings that he has for their lives. And so in this podcast we are just going to address some issues that when you are speaking and dealing with people that you can also accommodate such people that are in the group. So I say this because a few years ago I saw a conference that was advertised and I didn't read it properly, but I wanted to go to the conference and I contacted the lady in charge and I said, look, I want to come to the conference. The conference was about unforgiveness. And so I forced my way basically. And when I got to the conference, it was a woman's conference and there I was the only guy in this woman's conference. So it pays to read the entire post before just following up on things. And so I sat down and the conference carried on. It was a very good conference. It spoke about unforgiveness. And while I was listening, the host of the conference said she was raped and she was raped by 15 men and each guy had his turn and whoever wanted seconds came back for seconds. And this threw me for a curveball. I just didn't expect hearing this. And while sitting over there, the room went silent and another girl got up and she said, she's told nobody this. She was also raped. And the next woman got up and she said, a family member, she never told anybody. And the next woman and more than 50% of the room that I was in with women all got up and said that there was sex.