Injection, the abandonment, we have to forgive ourselves. We made poor decisions, we made poor choices, and we have to release ourselves from those wrong decisions that we made, and we also have to release ourselves from the unforgiveness that we have towards other people who may have hurt us. At this point, some people may need deliverance, some not, but at this point, all your offenses, all your hurts, all your pains, you've got to ask Jesus to come take them and remove them from you, because if you do not remove the offense, then the enemy has a right to come in and set up a camp inside of you. This will then become a stronghold, but if you give your offenses over to Christ, Christ will pick those offenses up off you and release you and free you from them. The next step is to protect your sexuality. Once you're set free, you can't go back to the fault you were in before. You cannot go wallow in and reminisce of all the things that got you in the problems that you are faced with now. Once you are set free, you've got to set your eyes and your mind on new things. The old things now must pass away. So you've got to find the company that's going to speak and sow into the godly things that is required for you to keep your purity that Jesus Christ is going to restore unto you. Another area you may have to look at is, what about the people who you were counting on to protect you? What about the people you were counting on to come to your aid when you were in trouble? The unforgiveness you may have towards those people, leadership, for example. Sometimes you just sit with leadership who have got no clue on how to deal with the issues you have and build up the resentment you have inside of you. This could even be with your parents. So you've got to look at all of the people who are above you in life and who never came to your rescue and also forgive them for their lack of empathy towards your situation or their sheer ignorance that they had towards your situation. This is going to include also getting rid of all anger towards everybody and anybody because if you don't, the spirit of anger is going to come and set up camp inside of you and you will be angry at everybody and you won't know why you are constantly angry. It's because you haven't released the people who could have helped you, who should have helped you and who hurt you in the first place. I think at this point in time, people should understand that God has given us all a free will and people will choose to harm other people out of their free will that was given to them by God. It's not that God wasn't there, it's not that God didn't see or God didn't know, God knew, God saw what was going to happen to you, but he says, vengeance is mine. And because he gave these people, he gave us our free will, we have a choice to operate within the design of God and love one another or to operate outside of the design of God. There are consequences for every action, whether they be good consequences or bad consequences, you need to reassure the person who may have suffered a trauma that God loves them and God wants to restore them, that God wants to make them whole again, that they need to let go and let God. This is going to be the conclusion of the podcast, God's Design. I hope it was an informative podcast and I hope that you can take information from here.