Let's break down the text a little bit. It says in verse 18, who contrary to hope, in hope, believed, so that he became father of many nations. Abraham, that word contrary to hope, in hope, believed, meant that he wasn't only just believing God, but he was holding steadfastly to what God had said. Regardless of the situation, as I've said it twice before, he held on firmly to the promises of what God had said. Verse 19 says, not being weak in faith. As we've been through this podcast, we know that there are various types of faith. There's little faith, great faith, and there's weakness in faith. That means he was not persuaded by the things that were happening around him. So even though everybody around him was having children at younger ages, he was not persuaded by it. He never allowed his faith to look at them as a marker for his own life, but in the Spirit saw what God had promised for him, a son, and with that he had faith and hope towards that promise. Verse 20 says, he staggered, wavered, or hesitated not at the promises of God. God's promises do not fail. People fail God's promises. Every promise that is given in the Bible comes with a condition. Every single promise given in the Bible comes with a condition. If you believe, if you are obedient, if you hear, if you do, then these things will come upon you. The only promises that do not come with a condition are the pre-man blessings. That is the light that God created. The Word of God says that the rain falleth on those who are evil and those who are good. The light also shines on the evil and also the good. The pre-man blessings everybody receives without condition. But the blessings of God that he promises to us come with a condition. And Abraham stood in faith for the promises of God. He did not waver. He did not allow a day to come in and creep in and says, well, you know, maybe it's just kind of not for me because this, that, and the other. As most people like to do when they rely on their carnal senses for the spiritual things of God. And verse 20 says, he was strong in faith. That means he woke up believing. That means he woke up receiving it in the realm of the spirit. That means when everybody else was playing with their children, he knew one day he's going to play with his child. And that's the kind of strength and the kind of faith that moved God when God was with Abraham to give Abraham the blessings that he had promised. Verse 21 says, There was not an inkling, you know, in the church we say, God is more than able and so on and so forth. And it's just, yes, yes, sir, no, sir. Amen to that. God is more than able and so on and so forth.