Today's sponsor for this podcast is Whisperskincare.com. Integrated bodywork, customized massages to relieve muscle aches and pains, increase your flexibility and range of motions. Other services include facials that is fighting the effects of aging, improve skin's elasticity, lift and sculpt your face, neck and décolleté and much more. Contact Whisperskincare.com. Whisperskincare.com. Helping both male and female improve their lives. And another big shout out goes out to Norman and Tanisha Miller who have sponsored this podcast. They are from the YouTube channel Repentance 101. The Millers. G'day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to continue with a series called Building Faith. The question today is how is our hope when we are hoping for things to come and what the quality of our faith looks like as we are hoping for those things to materialize. Our text comes from Romans 4 verses 18 to 22. Abraham, who contrary to hope, in hope believed, so that he became the father of many nations according to what was spoken. And not being weak in faith, he did not consider his own body already dead since he was about a hundred years old and the deadness of Sarah's womb. He did not waver at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strengthened in faith, giving glory to God and being fully convinced that what he had promised, he was also able to perform. And therefore it was accounted to him righteousness. The word hope translates as an expectation to expect something to happen. The other version of it is to flee towards something. It's like when a child has been bullied and the bully is chasing a child. When the child is running for the door of their house, they're running with the hope and expectation that when they get to the door, the bully will cease and desist. They will get help from their parents. This is the type of hope that Abram had when he was hoping in God. It was a flee towards what the father had promised him. Instead of looking at the deadness in his wife's womb and looking at how old he was, he decided rather to trust in the promises of God and stay in the hope that what God said he was going to do will be fulfilled regardless of what the circumstances look like. But under pressure, Abraham stayed faithful. Abram chose not to look at what was natural. Abram chose not to look at his age. He chose not to look at his wife's age. But he chose rather to see in the realm of the spirit what God had promised him. Kings, nations, a son.