Mission. When they felt generous, they felt generous with your stuff. And so you develop a complex that, well, I would rather not have anything. And you grow up saying, well, I'd rather not have anything because whatever I had is always given away. It's broken. It's misused. You could never find it. Yours is the first to go missing. So you develop another complex in your life. What about the ideas that when we all finish school, we all went to go work and look, we're doing fine. Nobody needed to go to university or college or do anything further than just basic schooling. Other things that could be passed down are things like love hurts. That you have to be extremely poor to really see or hear from God. That people with money don't really know God. That if you're a female, you have to marry somebody in order for you to survive in life. Why would you need to be dependent on somebody else to survive in life? You've been blessed with all the tools and the gifts that is required for you to be successful. Another one is don't marry a poor person. Another one is you should only marry a rich person or only look for somebody who is significantly stable in life. So either way, you are limited in just loving from the point of love. You have to have this particular standard before you are able to love. And is that even genuine love? We need to become conscious or you need to become conscious of what you have been raised up in and see how these beliefs, statements, family positions on matters have shaped your own current life as you are living and breathing now. And whatever family belief has been limiting you from moving forward into your success has to be addressed now. It has to be addressed emotionally. It has to be addressed physically. And it has to be addressed spiritually. From a spiritual standpoint of view, you will have to go to scriptures and find scriptures that speak life into your situation. Where God has promised you certain things and stand on the promises of God and wait patiently from an emotional point of view. Anything that you feel bad about, speak to God about it. Say, Lord, you know, I have this issue I am facing. I don't really feel worthy of being in that particular place. Then allow God to show you through scripture or speak to you where he says, I have qualified you. I've called the unqualified. I have put you in that position. Find scriptures that show that God is not limiting you in success in life. From a physical point of view, we need to start living the word. You see, you can't do the physical first until you found the word to live by. The word is going to correct our decisions. The word is going to correct our behaviors. The word is going to correct our actions, our responses to many situations. Because we start believing the word over and above our current situations. Then we start leaning on God and trusting God for the supply. And he will then change our attitudes as we start believing and moving that his perfect love is costing out all fear. Costing out fear. So if we have fear of flying, the perfect love of God is going to cost out all fear. Because if you need to fly somewhere to be successful, then God's going to renew.