Move that fear from your life so you can move forward to be successful. All our family views need to be tested against the Word of God. You've got to bring the Word of God in as a standard against all of your family views and test them to see if they are in line with the Word of God. Because we've got traditions and cliches and everything that goes on in our lives, but we never really test them against the Word of God. The Word says that you are ruined by the traditions of men, ruined or spoiled by the traditions of men. Another common statement is it runs in the family. This is a limiting statement. When you say it runs in the family, it means you are never going to move beyond what is currently running in the family. You will never go to a higher level because you are stuck in the rut of it runs in the family. And yet there may be many alternative solutions for you to succeed, but because you are comfortable in the cliches that it runs in our family, so you never really move forward. Many of our family beliefs contain untruths that are untested and are not definitive, based on assumptions. These all need to be tested. That is why I am hammering in the point that you need to check your family, check your beliefs, check what you think, what you believe, what is limiting and what is not making you move forward into the next level God has ordained you to be at. So in conclusion, you get your pen and paper, you put out your list, and your list of family members, highest qualifications, lowest qualifications, addictions, patterns that are running in the family, patterns that are affecting you that are in the family, and then we start addressing it. Later on, we will start moving into the prayer aspect of it, and we'll start using specific prayers to start breaking the strongholds of the enemy that is within our lives, because while we are dealing with these cliches and untruths and assumptions and limiting beliefs, there is still a spiritual aspect to it. And later on in the podcast, we'll start addressing it from the spiritual aspect. But for now, we need a good solid foundation, so that if you meet somebody who needs to hear this, then because you have heard it and have an understanding of it, you can then start educating them, because that's the whole purpose of these podcasts, is that we do not keep quiet, we share the information. What helps us, we help others with. My name is Ashton Campbell, and I am the host of this podcast, Breaking Generational Curses, Breaking Cycles, and I thank you for listening to me, and I look forward to hearing from you in the comments section, and I look forward to releasing another podcast for you. I do release every two weeks, and so you might not see a weekly podcast, but every two weeks, there will be a podcast from me. Until such time, I change my mind and do it weekly. God bless you in your journey of becoming free and whole in your life. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.