Judicial Council. And if it was on the item, we were not allowed to buy it. But later on, you know, ignorance started fading because as we got more and better information, we realized that no, Muslims don't make the peanut butter. That the company that made the peanut butter, let's say, for example, a popular brand where I stay as Black Cat Peanut Butter, they then applied by the council to have this symbol placed on their product because the council approved the method in which they prepared it and they certified it fit for Muslim consumption. And when we had learned this, now I was still a child then, so don't hold a gun to my head. When we had learned this, excuse me, then we started buying these products, but for nearly, I would say 50 years, this thinking dominated the way my late auntie and her siblings purchased food. And when we went to go stay there, we were also indoctrinated in their belief. And we then had to change the way we viewed people. But we know it was silly. We know now it was all silly. It didn't make sense. It didn't make sense. Muslim people are not like that. So I don't know what my late great-grandfather had, this Muslim lady, what beef he had with her, that he had came home with this doctrine that just traveled within the family. And today, they no longer believe it. Of course, my auntie is late and the children don't believe it anymore. But it took a while for them to move away from that habit. And the second one comes from the other side of my family. And there was a rule in the house that you don't go to bed with dirty dishes in the sink. Because if you die that night, and the people who came to see and check up on you got into the house now to see you, they would attribute your death to the dishes in the sink and say, See, look how filthy this person is. That's why they died. So as a rule, because I stayed some time with my granny, I had to wash the dishes at night, every night. And if I left a dish in the sink overnight, I was in big trouble. Eventually, my mother came and took me to live with her. And I realized that that rule still applied because my mother was the same. You never leave dishes in the sink overnight. To the point, it created a fear inside of me, at the time being the only child, that if I left a dish in the sink the next morning, early in the morning, before anybody got up, I ran to the kitchen and washed that dish. Even to the point where I left a dish. Even to the point. Even to the point.