When you start seeing what is going on in your family bloodline, then you have an idea of what you need to start addressing. And I'm going to use myself as an example. I'll use two examples. The first one is pretty funny because it is rooted in a lot of ignorance, but it is somehow, it came into our family bloodline. And it's not something that is 100 years old. It is something that is maybe two generations old. So my auntie, when we went to go stay with her in another province, we were quite surprised at the rules she had. She belonged to a specific church. They wore blue dresses only. And when I say they wore blue dresses only, I'm talking Monday to Sunday. That's all they wore was blue dresses. They never had any TVs or were not allowed to watch television. And they couldn't play music. Ironically, she had a TV in a room that was disconnected underneath the blankets. And she did have a hi-fi also that worked. So when she wasn't around, I would play music on the radio. And she had this belief that her father told her, one day he went to this Muslim shop. It was Muslim owned. And they were selling samosas. So he wanted samosas. And they were making the samosas on the table in front of him. And according to him, the lady went to go use the toilet. Now, in Muslim culture, they wash themselves and not allowed to use toilet paper in certain instances. And according to him, she came back and he said, Lady, I can see some feces underneath your fingernails. And she looked at him and she said to him, As she flicked it out of a fingernail, she said, It's nothing, man. And he turned, according to my auntie now, He turned and left and he never bought from a Muslim person again. And he then came home and instructed his family never to buy from Muslim people. Because that's what this lady did. And somehow, this law of his ballooned into scanning of products. Now, every product has got a Muslim symbol on it. To say that it is halal, it's been prepared in a manner that is acceptable to Muslims. And it's fit for Muslim people's consumption. And that theory of his, or that situation he had in the 1930s, or whatever the case was, It trickled down to where if that symbol appeared on any item, My auntie forbid us to eat it because she said that the Muslim people made it. Therefore, because of what her dad has been through, If the Muslim people are making this, then it's not clean. I was shocked. So we are to now sit and look for this symbol that says it's approved for being halal. And from the Muslim Jews.