G'day and welcome back to my podcast. I'm your host, Ashton Campbell. Continuing with a series called Breaking Generational Curses. The cycles thereof. In our last few series, we looked at where generational curses come from. We looked at a biblical point of view of generational curses. We looked at it from a point of Moses and from a point of Abraham. And we also looked at it from a point of how it is operating or functioning in our lives. But today we want to have a deeper look at the patterns of generational curses that are currently existing in our lives. Now you might ask the question, what do you mean by patterns? I'm talking about telltale signs that our family structure hasn't broken out of. Or signs whereby we are all suffering in our family or more than one member is suffering from the same type of illness. Suffering from the same type of disease, sickness. That's what we're going to look at today. Everybody has to get a pen and paper. And as their memory serves them, or ask your mom, ask your dad, auntie, uncle, and whoever the case may be in your family, that is all enough to remember, write down for your own family tree. And I'm not speaking about the one with the tree where you are, got grandpa and grandma and stuff like that. As you remember them, Uncle Jack, alcoholic. He was divorced, had a heart attack, had a stroke. Uncle Jack, uncle Jack Jr.'s son, unemployed, has an addiction to drugs, in and out of jail. Auntie Sarah, married three times, five kids. She never had a college education or a university education. Never owned a vehicle, never owned a house, rented all her life. She had plenty of health issues, suffered from depression, bipolar, maybe had a mild heart attack. And so as you populate your page with your family's history, you'll begin to see a pattern that starts forming before your eyes. Because you can rank them, I think in the last podcast, I said you should rank them from the highest to the lowest. And not that anybody is high in the family or anybody is low in the family, but who's made it and who hasn't made it? Who's struggling to make it? And how you are fitting in in that equation, how do you measure up to them? Or are you on the same level as they are? Because your family patterns are communicated in various ways. You can list all your family's failures and successes on a chart or paper. You can start from the oldest family member to the youngest with the education, financial, as I said before. And include the habits also. What are the habits that keep them bound and never allow them to move out of their comfort zone? So it would look like, as I said before, Auntie Sarah and Uncle Jack. And... And...