Now I'm an adult. If there's dishes in the sink, then I'm conflicted. I can't turn my back on those dishes. And when we start examining what are the feelings that I'm feeling and why am I feeling those feelings, things, the root becomes clear. It was my granny's tradition that had filtered into the family and is now sitting with me as a young adult. While I don't believe that I am going to die anytime soon or die tonight, the power of that tradition had a hold on the entire family. You'll never go to bed without washing the dishes because if you die, the people will say you died because you lived in filth. That stayed within my mind. My worth as an individual depended on whether or not I had dishes in the sink. But as a young person, it also created a fear of death in my life. Can you imagine thinking about dying every day of your life as a young person because of dishes in the sink? So if I went to bed and there was a dish in the sink, I felt bad and my self-worth was challenged. And little did I know that this was not any traditions of my own, but they were inherited. Yes, we all got to be clean and we've got to be, we've got to have good hygiene. We've got to keep a neat house. That's just part of being clean. And when you are clean, obviously you do not have any infestations of roaches or rats or things of that nature that would feed off the food that is in the home. That is perfectly understandable if that's the logic and the science behind the tradition. But unconsciously, this tradition I passed on to my daughter with the same words my granny used on me, on my mother and my mother's sisters and all of my cousins who lived with my granny. And I would get very upset with my daughter if she left dishes in the sink. It was a source of contention. Not because of the hygiene and keep it clean aspect, but because of what my granny had instilled in us as her own traditions. Where she got it from, I don't know. So I can't even tell you where the root of that logic came from. And that also built within us a certain kind of pride because the fear of somebody else's negative perception of us drove us to be the kind of people that are squeaky clean. And again, there's nothing wrong with being squeaky clean if it's from the point of just having a clean home and having good hygiene. But if it's from the point of where you're worried about people's perception in case you die, then there's something wrong with that logic. All limiting beliefs in our lives needs to be challenged. So this was just two of the traditions that fell through the cracks in my family and it landed at my doorstep that I thought I'd speak about. Yes, I could have spoken.