Hello and good day. I'm your host Ashton Campbell and today we're going to continue with the series Faith Over Fear. I hope you've enjoyed my previous installments and if you haven't listened to them, please go back and listen to them as they're only three to four minutes long and they are a build up to what we are currently doing now. So today we are going to deal with why we should not fear. We're going to read from the text Nahum chapter 1 verse 7. The Lord is good, a stronghold in the day of trouble, and he knoweth them that trust in him. This is a very powerful text coming from the book of Nahum. Your faith in God registers with God and by your faith he knows who you are because God responds to faith. If you want to get God's attention, have faith. Proverbs 28 verse 1 says, The wicked flee when no man pursueth, but the righteous are as bold as a lion. The wicked have no knowledge of the goodness of God, as reference in Nahum chapter 1 verse 7. Neither do they seek the shelter of the Lord in their times of trouble. But the righteous, as verse 28 says, are as bold as a lion. So the question is, where do they get their confidence, their faith and assurance from? We read from Isaiah 41 verse 10 to 13, and it reads, Fear thou not, for I am with thee. Be not dismayed, for I am thy God. I will strengthen thee. Yes, I will help thee. Yes, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness. Behold, all they that were incensed against thee shall be ashamed and confounded. They shall be as nothing, and they that strive with thee shall perish. Thou shalt seek them, and shalt not find them, even them that contend with thee. They that war against thee shall be as nothing, and as a thing of naught. For I, the Lord thy God, will uphold thy right hand, saying unto thee, Fear not, I will help thee. The word fear not occurs 365 times in the Bible. That is one for every day of the year. In Isaiah 41 verse 10 to 13, we see that the Lord makes reference to himself seven times. So the righteous that are bold as a lion gets their assurance from this text. He says, For I am with thee, be not dismayed, for I am God. I will strengthen thee. Yes, I will help thee. Yes, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness. Verse 13, he says, For I, the Lord thy God, will hold thy right hand, saying unto thee, Fear not, I will help thee. The goal of fearing not is for us to face that which is before us confidently.