Alcohol and drugs and prison and all those other things. But if that is all we focus on, then we're going to miss all the other subtle ones that still keep us limited in our thinking. Or better said, trapped in our thinking. Other subtle problems it caused was for us to be scrutinized by other people. There was a fear of being scrutinized by other people because we had this at the back of our mind that they may think we are filthy people. Or there's something wrong with us. As subtle as these two traditions are, okay, maybe the first one is not subtle. Therefore, they both hide an abusive tone in their belief systems. And when you are able to highlight the abusive tone in the traditions, then you are able to start breaking free from even the most subtlest family traditions that have the most negative undertones we never recognized before. The journey of this process is so that we can be free, emotionally free, physically free, to enjoy our families in the manner that we choose to enjoy our families. I'm not saying throw everything you've received from tradition out the window, but it's time to start looking at what we consider as guidelines for our lives coming through our family bloodline. All forms of family values, traditions that limit you from moving forward are bad, negative, and are like chains holding you back. Breaking free from the habit's patterns will ensure that you move forward in a new way into God's promises for your life. Family traditions can produce many dysfunctional behaviors, like over-drinking, abusive behaviors, addictions to food, limiting mindsets, on the things of money or wealth. A family tradition passed down leaves you feeling worthless, must be identified and rooted out, especially if you were constantly told that you were worthless. This is not true. These are lies and lies cage people. It's the truth that sets you free. Let's clear the air. My mother and late-grande were lovely people. They are lovely people. But they are not immune to have faulty traditions that have been handed down to them. Ezekiel 20 verse 15 says, Walk ye not in the statutes of your father, neither observe their judgments. And Jeremiah 16 verse 9 says, Surely our fathers have inherited lies, vanity, and things wherein there is no profit. Breaking generational curses is a process that must be done by all in the family. You need to examine why you do the things you do. Everything that you have been handed down from your family tradition. What are the things, the ideas, the thought patterns, the habits, what are they that limit you? You need to sit.