Go down with your chart and have a good look and see the limiting patterns, even things you have observed others doing and you have observed yourself doing. Identify them. Something simple as when you finish school, you need to go work. That is something that is not bad, but it limits you in the area of getting a better education for yourself, whereas you could have gone to go and get it. Better education, or maybe you could have studied and worked at the same time. Your mindset has been trained that once you finish school, you need to go work. And that's the law of the house. And when you finish school, you got up in the morning and they sent you off to go look for a job or got you a job at some place. These cycles and curses cause you to feel trapped in the same patterns of life. You really don't have a desire to do anything other than what you have been told works. And therefore you follow that same pattern over and over and you are burnt out at a young age in life or even at an old age in life, running through the same pattern that never grew you to the person you were really meant to be. Some of us have had this thrown over our heads many times when you try and do something else and the family or friends say, Oh, you're trying to be better than us. Look at you trying to be better than everybody else. And that is a limiting belief system. It is something that needs to be destroyed in our lives because the emotional guilt from those words that we carry inside of us will destroy us as people. And that is how the cycle continues because you've been broken. Now the kids that are born from you or from your wife, you use those same traditions, those same philosophies, those same family cliches on them and you begin to break them. So there's never forward movement in the family. So what are your family beliefs? What are the problems, the sicknesses that are common amongst your family? What are their thoughts about money? What are their thoughts about work? What are their thoughts about doing easy work for money? Were you taught to take risk or were risk seen as a bad thing? Were you allowed to open a business? Were you told opening a business is not for you? You need to go do work? Did they say money is the root of all evil to you? Did they wrongly quote it or did they not tell you that the love of money is the root of all evil? Were you laughed at when you said you're going to be rich? Did they make you a fool when you said you're going to be rich? When you're going to grow up, you're going to be successful. Or did they say being poor is a bad thing and if you're poor, you're looked down in the family and not given a voice. You should be seen and not heard. Is there selfishness in the family? Is there sharing in the family? Are people hoarders in the family? They have so much stuff they wouldn't even bless anybody with any of the stuff they have. Were you conditioned not to embarrass the family? Were you told that if you do so, you're going to get into trouble? So you tried so hard being perfect, prim and proper. But ultimately, what you don't realize is that you start developing a system of lies to keep up the facade of being prim and proper. And I've seen it in many people. Did you live in a family where your stuff was given without your...