And whatever oath you want or whatever covenant you've made with anything else that I've mentioned, you will do the second prayer with it. So I'll lead you with the first prayer just to help guide you through it. And then the second prayer, you can also do it, but then you'll do it by yourself. And you'll do both prayers by yourself on repeats until you have completely finished what you have done. And then after, if you're still having any spiritual issues, you can contact me at kingdomrepentance at gmail.co.za or .com. And not .co.za, but .com. And you can get in touch with me and then I can see how I can assist you spiritually to break free from whatever is still inside of your life. Also take note, if anybody has proposed to you and the proposal has never went through, you might have had several proposals, but the people just never followed through on those proposals. You need to break the soul ties you have to the proposals, the rings, the engagement rings and all of those promises. You've got to cut them off. Now, each relationship is different. So when you pray, you will know certain things that you should add in the prayer that you would want to break off. And you would know there may be certain things in the second prayer that may not be applicable to you. And then you will exclude those things from the prayer. But I ask you to pray the entire prayer in its entirety for the first two times at least. And then on the third time, then maybe you can chop and change as you see foot. Let us pray in the name of God, the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. Lord, I, that is your full name, and so repent for sidelighting you, Father, and forever having to choose my own way over your plans for my life. Father, I have sinned against you and heaven, and I ask your forgiveness and mercy and true repentance now as I come home to serve you, my God. Lord Jesus Christ, I take authority over the soul tie between me, that is your full name, and the other person's name. And if you don't know their full name, then the name that you knew them by. And I bind it, and I loose him or her, that is the person who was named, and I break it once and for all. So when you say, I loose him and her, say that person's name. All in your holy name, Lord Jesus Christ. Father, I renounce all ungodly soul ties, through sex, drunken orgies, unnatural sex, oaths made by me, and the full name of this person. Covenants between them and I. Emotional abuse and manipulation. Physical abuse done toward me, or that person, the full name of that person. Mental abuse done toward me, or I, what I did to them. I loose it from me, your full name, and whoever named them from that person's name. And I repent of it. I agree that it cannot reform this day, or any day to come, binding Satan, and the ruler spirits, and all evil ministering spirits first, and loosing, that's yourself now, your full name, and binding them of permanently all in Christ Jesus' name. I call yourself, your full name, cleansed from his or her history, and of this defilement done with them, and by them. I break the silver cord that connects us and refuse to be emotionally, spiritually, one.