And a higher calling for a man to love a woman correctly. And this is what God had placed upon my heart while I was preparing this podcast. And I was reading scriptures and I said, wait, wait, wait, now look at this, look at that, look at that. Let's put things into perspective. Because this is going to ultimately play out as the podcast moves along, how these sexual soul ties are formed and the reasons behind it. Then you'll have a better understanding as to why I feel this way and why I do the things that I do. So I want to continue with the relationship aspect. And we're going to look at how God created us. Because God created us with a body, he created us with a mind and he created us with a spirit. In the beginning, when there was Father, Son and Holy Spirit, there was no disunity amongst the three. They were perfect. They were transparent with each other. There was nothing hidden between the three of them. They knew everything perfectly. And when God created Adam and Eve, He had created them the same way. There was no disunity between the two of them. They were perfect. They were transparent. They were both naked. But the nakedness was not something that they were ashamed of. That's how transparent they were to each other. That transparency was a reflection of their relationship with God and God's relationship with Father, Son and Holy Spirit. It was perfect unity. That is why when a man and a woman gets together, when they kiss, you can feel the breath, the soul of that person. When they embrace, you can feel that person's spirit for you, that person desires you. And when they're having physical intimacy, you feel the warmth of that body. There's a unity. And it only goes back to the first design of God. When a man and a woman are together, they undress themselves. They are completely transparent to each other. There are no secrets between the two of them. They accept each other for who they are. This was the original design for God, by God, in the Garden of Eden, for a man and a woman. So intimacy, under the banner of marriage, of course, done properly, goes all the way back to the Garden of Eden, as God had originally designed a man and a woman to be. But then, after they had sinned, this unity came between the two of them. Adam immediately blamed God for the woman that he had given her. Adam covered his sin. Adam didn't confess to God his sin. And when God had kicked them out of the garden, when they had kids, both Cain and Abel, there was disunity that continued amongst the siblings. So the disunity within the parents continued amongst the children. What this now teaches us is that there is now generational disunity that passed from Adam and Eve in the garden unto Cain and Abel. And this generational disunity doesn't only stop and start with Adam and Eve because we are the offspring of Adam and Eve, what we do in our relationships for them.