Jesus Christ says that when we are in heaven and we're appearing before the Lord our God, we will appear with our first marriage partner. So it doesn't matter if you're married seven times, you will stand in heaven with your first marriage partner. But to break the soul tie is to break the bitterness, the hatred, the resentment, the ill feelings, the hurt, the pain, the suffering that you've been through. It's to break all of that. It's to say no more. I break the tie. I break the spiritual connection between you and I so you can develop and grow to be a better person. And that is the point of soul ties. So in a nutshell, I'm not going to make it any longer than it should be. We're going to do two prayers. These prayers are going to be linked to a website of mine. And on the website, under articles or blogs, you'll find the prayers. So you don't have to stress about writing the prayer down and wondering how you're going to keep up when I start reciting the prayers. Now, you go to the link, you go onto articles, you go onto the blog. There are two soul tie prayers. One is going to deal with specific, that says your partners, and the other one is going to deal with everything else. The other one is a lot more lengthy, but you must first do with your partners. And this is going to be the difficult part now, depending on your lifestyle. You may have had one or two or three partners in life. That's fine. And I'm not condoning it. I'm just saying it's easier when I say that's fine, because it's a lot more easier. Or you may have had 30, 40, 50, 60, 70 partners. And you're going to sit and ask yourself, but how am I going to break the soul tie with each and every single partner? You see, you've got to do this prayer individually for each person that you have had sex with, or any form of sexual contact with you break your soul tie. That's how you get completely free from them. How are you going to say to me, but you know, my body count is so high, how do I remember it? First things first, you can start with the year you started becoming sexually active, or if you were violated by somebody, you can start with that year. And then you can also use locations. So, for example, if you lived in a particular area and you met somebody from another area and you went to that area and you slept with that person, then think of that particular area. Also think of cars, think of buildings, places, clubs, any other place that can trigger a memory. Schools, school events, parties, one night stands. Use that as a, you make a list, you write it all down, and then you write the location. So, if you were in this particular area, you write that particular area down. If you moved, then you write down, I've moved, and in that area, you start listing the people. And you keep doing this until you've populated your list with all the names that you've had sexual contact with. And this is, this is of all of boyfriends and girlfriends. You don't leave any out. You break them all, boyfriends and girlfriends. And this is a task for some people. So, then you say, but my account is still high. And you pray to God and you ask Holy Spirit.