And you are trapped in a position by the soul tie and you don't have the vision to see what God really wants for your life because you've accepted this is your spot. They know that this is what you're good for. So they give you the position and they lock you in that position. You have to be very, very spiritually aware of what is going on in your church before you commit your soul to that place. I recall there was a famous place of worship and when it exploded on the scene, it was the go-to place to be saved. If you needed healing, you went there and you got your healing, you got your deliverance there. Their people were set free. Their pastors came out of that place. It was a place that was on fire and men who started other churches came from that place. It had the crowd. It had the crowd of the community. It had the best singers. It had the best worship team. They grew rapidly and many of the people inside of the church couldn't hear one wrong word about their pastor. It was always my pastor, my pastor, pastor, pastor, pastor, pastor. Then word started to spread about the funny shenanigans going on by the pastor. Nobody believed it. It can never be true. And the gossip spread to social media and eventually the truth was uncovered. That yes, this particular pastor was doing these things, unfaithfulness, drinking, coming to church, drunk to preach, so on and so forth. And a major split happened. It fragmented the congregation. The people stopped going to church. People just said, no, they can't do this no more. So I'll urge you to be very careful not to fall into that trap where you become soulish about a place and you neglect the spiritual aspect. You're spiritualized to see the things that are going on around you. Don't get me wrong. We need to submit to an authority. And if you are in the church and this is the place that you're going to go serve, having seen it spiritually for what it truly is, based upon the word of God, and judging it from the word of God, then you must serve there and be obedient there and work there and grow that particular area. I'm not saying don't do all of those things over there. No, do the things that you need to do, but don't get caught up so far that your eyes are blinded. Lastly, I'll use another example. When I'm looking through all of the notes that I have, I was talking to this friend who went to a particular church and they had split and left and started their own church. And when I asked him, why did you split and leave? He said when they requested to look at the books, because the pastor's wife was handling the books, 10 plus 10 always equaled 4. And they had to leave. So there are other things that could go on, but this is not about bashing churches. No, this is about... No, this is about...