Generation that was born at the two arms pointing to the 12. And then he says, as the long arm moves further, it goes to the number 2, then that generation is built upon the traditions of the first generations that were established in sin. So now you have traditions that are established in sin by the first generation that hasn't been repented of. And no one has returned back to God. And then you get the third generation. By then God has already forgotten the children because the word of God says, if you forget me, I will forget you. And I will pass down my curses, but I will pass down the curse you have brought upon yourself to the third and fourth generation. And so that generation then grows up. They're a little bit more wicked than the one that was at one, the one that was at two and the one that was at three until you get to the fourth generation. Now the traditions of that fourth generation are firmly established because they believe when they are born and they open their eyes and they come into the world and their family is busy doing these things, that these things are normal. These are the traditions of the family. These are the traditions of the community of the country. And nobody stops to rectify or to question whether or not this particular thing that I'm doing, is it against the will of God? And so Satan breathes in and brings in all of the sins that we participate in and we think it's normal because everybody around us is doing it and nobody is saying this is wrong. And even if there is anybody saying it's wrong, that particular person is drowned out because we like it, we love it. Our flesh is accustomed to it. It seems normal to us. And so God said, use that analogy to show people how far away they have gone from me while doing the soul ties. And I want to tell you right now, just because you think you're in church or you attend church, doesn't mean that you have also strayed and gone far away from God. Going to church is not an indication that you serve God. Not at all. Going to church just means you go to church. But if you are obedient and you strive for the word, to do it, to live it, to be obedient to it, then going to church serves a huge purpose in your life. So now we're going to start from the beginning and I'm going to read from the book of Genesis chapter 2 verse 21. Verse 21 says, And the Lord God caused the deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slipped, and he took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh instead. Therefore, thereof, and the rib which the Lord God had taken from man, he had made a woman and brought her unto the man. And Adam said, Now listen carefully, this is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh. She shall be called woman because she was taken out of man. This is what Adam said. So for the first time, Adam sees Eve. And then Adam makes a commitment to Eve. On his own volition, he makes a commitment to Eve. Then God speaks and says, Therefore,