Paul upon our children. Examples I will use. A father unites with mother. Either party hates each other. You'll come together, you'll be in love, but now through whatever happened, you'll start fighting and you'll hate each other. The child is conceived. The child grows up hating, becomes a child of hate. The child sees the parents quarreling all the time, but then they also make up all the time. It's a bit confusing. Then that child becomes a child of dissension and quarreling. Maybe the parents are under the influence of drugs and alcohol. The child then becomes a slave to addiction. Maybe the parents use force or they harm each other. The relationship is one of the man will dominate the woman and she's not really into it or she hasn't consented to it. Then this child that is born, this child that is conceived by such parents is a forceful child, is a lustful child. Maybe the one or the other party secretly lusts after someone else. I mean, that's a horrible thing to be intimate with somebody and they are picturing somebody else. Then that child that is conceived will have a spirit of shame upon them, will have an orphan spirit upon them. Maybe one of the parties is highly rebellious and doesn't stay in the relationship. Then you have a child that is rebellious, a child that doesn't want to listen because of the parents. Remember, there is this generational disunity. What the parents do and what the parents hold on to, the children will retain that are born through that relationship. So you've got to be very careful that you are not going into relationships and you're trying to love somebody from a particular sin, from a particular place of hurt, from a particular place of harm because you would never be able to love that person properly because that space, place belongs to something else. And you are forcing this relationship and you are forcing this relationship and you have a child and now this child is carrying this generational thing you have passed on to the child. But this podcast is not about generational curses and so on and so forth. This podcast is about soul ties. Now, I just want to put something in your mind that blessing God gave in the beginning to Adam and Eve. Genesis chapter 1 verse 28 says, And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living creature that moved upon the earth. I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of the earth, and every tree, and so on. Now, take note that the blessing from the beginning was to a married couple. A married couple will subdue the earth. A married couple will be blessed, will be fruitful, and will multiply. The blessing for fruitfulness is upon a married couple, not an individual person. And I know they teach sometimes in church that God said you must be fruitful and multiply, and they use it in the context. For sure, we'll be generous. Thank you.