It can extend, depending on your level of godliness, how much of the word you have seeded inside of you, it can extend to doing unnatural things for the man. And so when the Lord God says, your desire will be for the man, those are the things that he had put inside of the curse upon the woman. But pay careful attention, God never ever said to Adam the same thing. To Adam he said, unto Adam he said, because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it, cursed is the ground. He cursed the ground, for thy sake, in sorrow thou shalt eat thereof all the days of thy life. Now pay careful attention, take note. If had God said to Adam, your desire is going to be for the woman, then what he had said to Eve would be cancelled out, because you'd have two people who desire each other, and because God has put this desire upon both of them, they would love each other until the end of the earth. They would go crazy for each other every single day, because they have a divine blessing of love upon their lives. But he doesn't. He withholds this from Adam. Because in the beginning he says to Adam, based upon your confession, you will chase after the woman, you will leave your mother and father to find one. But he never ever says to Adam, your desire will be for a woman. He left that gap open. And so you find now women, I'm just generalizing, but most women, when they're sitting there and they don't have that phone call from their husband, their boyfriend, or they're just chatting with somebody, they have this desire, where is he? What is he doing? Why is he taking so long? He hasn't called me. He hasn't emailed. He hasn't texted me. He's late. I hope he's okay. All your desires are geared toward this particular person. But the man can be very wayward. The man cannot care. Because in the beginning, God says, based upon your confession, that means your level of determination to the woman, based upon that, X, Y, and Z. And if you ever wonder why a man is so wayward and he doesn't care, or he comes across as uncaring and unsympathetic, it's in the Bible, it's right there in the beginning, the nature of a man, based upon man's confession. And later on, when you look in scriptures, then Paul and Jesus, first Jesus, repairs the nature of a man. And Jesus says, we should love one another as I have loved you. Now, the standard is no longer as a man loves a woman, but the standard changes to as Jesus loves the church. You see, that was missing in the beginning. In the beginning, it was only as a man would love a woman as he see her, as he talk to her, as he chase after her, and as he pursue her, and as long as he's interested in her, then a man would love a woman in that manner. But when Jesus came along, he says, do it this way, as I have loved you. Now there's a higher standard.