That recompense of their error which was meat. Also we're going to read from 1st Timothy chapter 1 verses 8 to 11. We know that the law is good if one uses it properly. We also know that the law is made not for the righteous but for the lawbreakers and the rebels, the ungodly and the sinful, the unholy and irreligious. For those who kill their fathers and mothers for murderers, for the sexually immoral, those practicing homosexuality, pay careful attention to those practicing homosexuality, for slave traders and liars and perjurers, and for whatever else is contrary to sound doctrine. I have a question I'd like to ask you. Is the practice of homosexuality only limited to homosexuals? Or can a man and a woman also practice homosexuality? The word of God says that the woman left the natural use of her body for that which was unnatural. God never created you to put your mouth on a man's penis and to suck it to the point that he explodes in your mouth. I'm sorry for being so graphic but this podcast is for adults. God never designed your anus to be used for sex. The blessing is not in your anus. The natural use of your anus is for excretion. And God never designed you to have a man put his thing in your backside. He just didn't. God didn't create you also to have plastic shoved inside of your vagina or your backside. Or have beads rub up against you. Or the use of vibrators. Or any other thing to be used on you for sexual gratification. God didn't design you for that. That's not your natural use. He equipped a man to do what needs to be done to a woman. And he's equipped a woman with what a man requires. Over and above that is sexual perversion. So you can then take homosexual acts that homosexuals do and bring it into a heterosexual relationship which God is against. And it doesn't mean because you are married you have a legal right to do anything. No, because the word of God says let not the marriage bed be defiled. There is a standard for the marriage bed. That is heterosexual acts only. And when you do this the spirit of homosexuality comes in. The spirit of oral sex comes in. You may ask me but now how you know that I've cast these demons out of people. And these demons give off a anything goes vibe. The one was even dancing for me. That's the spirit of homosexuality. The spirit of oral sex was dancing for me. And as we go back to the clock analogy. You are born in a generation that believes that this is all okay. And so you yourself do it because you think it is okay. But praise be to God there is grace. And God has called us to repent of these things. God has told us no break away. Your needs are unmet. You are trying to be fulfilled by the godly way through ungodliness. You could never be fulfilled that way. And so now you meet the guy for you and...