In this process, so now you acknowledge that, yes, you lived a life that was not pleasing to God, and that you may have exalted men above what God has desired for your life. There is a spirit called diocese, and it comes into a person's life when they exalt men above Christ Jesus, and they exalt men above the word of God, and they pay reverence to man. And it's a wound. It warned us, he said, do not worship me, I am but a man, because he knew of the spiritual implications. So if you have a soul tied to your pastors in such a manner, then you need to break it. You need to break it of all ungodly prophecies that were prophesied over your life. You know, you get these people who love to run to this prophet and that prophet, and always looking for a word, give me a word, give me a word, give me a word. But never living the word, they always want the word. You know, you have to break these things up off your life, and you've got to divorce yourself from ungodly prophecies. Then there's also attachments to your denomination. Some people are attached to a certain church denomination. I was born this way, I will die this way. That's not what Jesus said. He said the truth will set you free. And if you've never searched and pursued for the truth, and you just believed what you were raised up in, and your parents brought you up in, and they had you baptized when you were a baby, and you went to church and Sunday school and all this and that to the other third, then you have to start repenting for it and say, Lord, I want Christ Jesus. I do not want to be standing in the kingdom of heaven one day, and I'm now standing before God, and I've got to say, wait, God, before you open the books, because it's in the book of Revelation, the book of my life is going to be open. Let me just call this man over here, and you ask God to summon this man over here, and you ask whoever this leader is, tell God you know me, I was in your denomination, and I believed that you were the head of the church, and that as long as I had faith in you and listened to what you say, you were going to get me into the kingdom of heaven. Tell God, tell God, speak with him, and God and Jesus are going to look at each other like, what did Jesus do if this man is your ticket to the kingdom of heaven? So you have to break your ties with that. You should also break your ties to the altar, because you've been dedicated to an altar. Every church has an altar, and you've been dedicated to an altar. Every denomination has an altar. Yes, they do. And you've got to break yourself from that altar. All ungodly altars that you've been dedicated on, or dedicated to, you break in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. You break all ungodly teachings. You've got to break it off your life. Anything you've seated in your life that was not in the will or the design of God, in the plan of God, who taught Christ Jesus, or the gospel, that too, you break that off. And then you also deal with dead people, because a lot of the places, now you cremate, and then you've got to take the dead ashes, and they keep the dead ashes open. You can't be having dead ashes in your house. It's not in the design and the plan of God. The dead ashes are supposed to be gone to the ground. And it is your responsibility to repent for such things. Your attachment that you can't let go, or it's still standing on the mantle there, is not in the design of God. It's got to go.