You get married and you are not happy with your sexual life with this person because according to you he is boarding in bed or she is boarding in bed. As your sexual imprinting speaking, that is the layers of all the men, women, the things that you have put into your heart and has accepted as normal, now speaking back to you. If you didn't guard your eye gates and you were watching pornography, pornography has imprinted on you. If you didn't guard your ear gates and you were listening to sexual music, I want to have sex with you and I want to be a freak and I want to do this and that and you've adopted it as your sayings, then it has imprinted on you. And when you start acting these things out and doing it, your sexual imprinting, which God didn't design to be destroyed in such a manner, is now confused. And so this perfect person who just loves you and wants to be with you and doesn't have all the shenanigans of the world on their lives is trying to make love to you and you are dissatisfied. You are not satisfied because they're not swinging from the trees as Thomas did or as Harry did or as Michelle did. But anyway, let's move on. It is up to you to decide whether or not you want to continue in that way or if you want to break free. Maybe you can also have a soul tie with an item. Your mother gave you this thing and you treasured it and there's nothing wrong with treasuring something. But to the point where it becomes idolatry, if somebody touches it or if it breaks and you go off and you are irrational and you go ballistic, then you have a soul tie with it. You need to be able to break your soul tie with it. If you were in witchcraft, the person that was practicing the witchcraft, that taught you the witchcraft, you need to break your soul tie with that person also and renounce the witchcraft that you have done and repent of the witchcraft that you have done. Also, you could be addicted to animals. You love your dog so much that you buy everything for your dog. You treat your dog like a child. That is a soul tie. That is an ungodly soul tie and it's not in the design of God. It's madness. And you need to repent of it and you need to ask God to break the spirit of the dog, the spirit of the flesh off your life. Even if you've taken an oath, you've got fraternities that you've taken oaths to. You need to break that also. And other things are actors, musicians. You see that person, you make certain confessions, you listen to their music, you fantasize about such persons. You've got to break that. That is an ungodly soul tie. That was never meant by God for you to fantasize over such particular things. The word of God warns us that we should not be ensnared by these things or defiled by them. These things can defile us. So what now? What happens now? If this message has in any way touched you? Because I know I get pushback, kickback from people who hear this message. And the message is not in its entirety because there are other podcasts that deal with the same message in a different way. And you can listen to God's design. There are four parts to it. It goes even deeper than this. The first thing you have to acknowledge is that your life is not pleasing to God and if you are continuing it.