Get so good in bed. Well, there is a start and there's a middle and then there's the end. Your sexual nature could have started with just ordinary sex, but then you met somebody who's got a high count and who slept with like 15, 16, 20 partners. And he now impresses upon you to do these things for him in bed. Will you ask him to do these things for you in bed? What he's basically saying to you is this, do what the girlfriend I had before you did for me. That's what he's saying to you. Or if he's watched pornography and he's have this imprint inside of his sexuality of that's what he wants to do and so on and so forth, then when he comes to you, now he starts requesting these strange things. And because you want a bond, because you're thinking of the long game, the wedding ring, the white dress, the family, you do these things. But your sexuality is also being imprinted, whether positively or negatively, it's been imprinted. And so you'll start doing these weird things and it gets more weirder and weirder. And it falls outside of the design of God, outside of the plan of God. But it creates an emotional problem for you. Because now when you're sitting with a group of friends, you'll start comparing men. Oh, he's so big and he's so long and he's 20 minutes and he's one hour. This is not in the design of God. God says you should have one lover. So whatever that lover, that one lover did to you, that would be the best thing under the sun you would have ever experienced. Because you were committed to one person. Now you have an issue of 20 lovers. Now you have soul ties with these 20 lovers and they bringing all of their lovers to bed with you. So when they're looking at you in your eyes and they start making these requests, and even though you feel uncomfortable, you still do them. You've got to ask yourself the question, where did this person learn all these things from? Now you are bringing other sexual partners into bed with you. And the word of God says, let not the marriage bed be defiled. He cautions against the sexually immoral person and the adulteress. The word of God says that do not be joined with the prostitute because you'll be one body. If that man has slept with a prostitute, you have slept with a prostitute because he brought that prostitute to bed with him. The spirit of that prostitute is brought to the bed. And then the requests that you are now performing, that you're so good at, that you're proud of your sexuality. You're unmarried. You're proud of your sexuality. You're busy twerking and showing off and talking about all the things that you can do. These are all ungodly things. These are things not in the design of God. God that didn't design it. The Apostle Paul says that there is a natural use for things. So we're going to read from Romans 1 verse 27, and likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burnt in the last one towards another, men with men, working with such, working that which is unseemingly, and receiving in them.