It has to go. Anything that you have also associated yourself with like charms and stuff like that and dream catchers is not of God. You don't even know what a dream catcher is. It says, oh, it catches your dream. Lies of the devil. Lies of the devil. The word of God says do not copy what they do. Not imitate them. Do not copy them. Don't do it. Now you've got these things in your home because it looks cute. And excuse me. When God says you cannot come into the kingdom of heaven because you've made a covenant with the kingdom of darkness, then you're going to be running in hell. The other one is martial arts. You've got to divorce martial arts. Where does martial arts come from? It's an Eastern thing. It was done in the Eastern times by Buddhist temples and parts of martial arts is opening your third eye and chi. And it's also got to do with yin and yin and yin and darkness and light. That's all has to do with the occult. And it's been introduced into martial arts. Martial arts has its roots in it. Sensing and all of these other things that they've got to use. They use Reiki in martial arts. The funny thing is when I was thinking about the Karate Kid and Mr. Miyagi slaps his hands and he rubs his hands and he puts it on Daniel's son. That was a form of Reiki. How many of us mimicked that when we were children? That's in Miyagi rubbing hands together to heal. That was a form of Reiki. Reiki. So you have to repent of stuff like that. Yoga is another one. Busy contorting. Every pose is a dedication to a demon and an Eastern demon at that. So when you see all these yogi masters doing all these poses, they are giving homage to that devil, that demon, the snake pose, the plank, the this, the that. It is all giving homage to the demons and the devils. And if you've done it, you've invited these things in your life. You've got to repent of it. You've got to renounce it. You've got to ask God for forgiveness. And there's no such thing as Christian yoga. There's no such thing as yoga in the church. There's no such thing as contemplative meditation or contemplative prayer. No. If you meditate, you meditate on the word. That means you take a scripture and you meditate on that word of the Lord. Reveal to me what the scripture says. Tell me what it says, Lord. How can I implement it in my life, Lord? You focus on that scripture. Yes, Lord, I believe it. You have faith for it, so on and so forth. But you don't do what they teach you and make these chants and stuff like that. It has its roots and connections with demons. The word of God says, do not imitate them. Blood packs. If you've made blood packs, you've got to break the soul tie of the blood pack also. You know, when people are young, they do stupid things. They cut their hands and then they shake hands or they squeeze the blood over a certain pack that they've made and they've come into these covenants. You have to break your soul tie to it, especially if a Ouija board was involved. And then if you have had a broken marriage and you're now divorced, then you have to break your soul tie to your ex. You've got to break your soul tie to your husband or your ex-wife. You've got to break your soul tie to the ring. You've got to break your soul tie to the dress, to that day, to the vow that you've made. You've got to break your soul tie to it. Now, you will never ever, if this is your first marriage and you were married, you will never ever leave that person.