That you are going to do all these things. No, the blessing comes upon the married couple to do this. Because the married couple will have kids, they will have a family, and they will have cousins, and then they will have so on and so forth. And before you know it, people start referring to that particular place by the person's surname. And they will say, oh, don't the Gerards live up in that particular area? Because the family of the Gerards have now subdued that area, and the people would know that that area is the Gerards area, because they have subdued it. But this was just a little bit of information as to the background of relationship soul ties. That God intended to be between a man and a woman only, and that they should be married, and be in a committed relationship. And Jesus came along, and he showed us how to love each other unconditionally. And so a man should love a woman from the point of Christ as Christ has loved him. And he should take what Christ has done for him, and he should give it to the woman. And the woman should love a man from the point of Christ Jesus, and what Christ had done for him, unselfishly and unconditionally, and give it to her husband, thereby bringing out the desire for both of them now to be fulfilled. Soul ties can also form between two people, as friends, or as allies. And in the Bible, we see in 1 Samuel 18 verse 1, The Hebrew word for knit is Kwasha, and it means to bind, tie, or stick together. This soul tie between Jonathan and David ultimately saved Jonathan when the Gibeonites came to David and said, We require seven sons of Saul to be killed. And when David had taken stock of Saul's sons, he didn't give Jonathan because he loved Jonathan. So that was a very positive and it was a very good soul tie. Based upon the soul tie that Jonathan had with David, his life was spared, and he was not murdered by the Gibeonites. Another soul tie that is encouraged is that of the believers. 2 Colossians 2 verse 2 But I want to step back and go to the first soul tie that I spoke about, or rather the second one, between Jonathan and David, in your life, you could have people that just gravitate towards you, or people you gravitate towards, and you compliment each other, and you share secrets with this person, and you truly believe in your heart that this person will not betray you, and you have a good relationship with this person, and you have formed then a soul tie with this person. I think he thinks he should have been published. Well, you could have heard this person. I can find myself, or if you talked about that,