I've had people say, you know, I've slept with 60, 60, 70 people. The count is that high. I don't really know how to remember them all. And I say to them, ask Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit knows every single person you've had sex with. Ask the Holy Spirit. And then they come back to me like, I remember this and I remember that one. And I remember that person and I remember that person. And then they start going down the list and their memory starts populating with all of these people. And sometimes even a month later, they can still think of people, oh, I forgot this person. I forgot that person. And as you remember, you just go back to the prayer. You do the prayer and you break the tie with that person. And you continue this. Now, you may have a spiritual reaction to the things that you're doing. Because you're breaking something in the realm of the spirit. You're breaking a cord in the realm of the spirit with this person that will no longer have access to your emotions, no longer have access to your thoughts. You'll be free from them. You may have a reaction. You may scream. You may feel a particular kind of way. You may cough. You may vomit. You may gag. Do not swallow if you gag. If you vomit, do not swallow. Spit it out. Let it come out. Just release it. Do not hold back. Do not stop it from coming out. Let it come out. Let it come out. Do not get in the way of your deliverance. If it's coming out like that, let it come out. Now, you might have no reactions. And I always tell a person, you know, if you have no reactions, it's fine. But then choose another day to go back and do it. And do it at least three times on three different days. You will dedicate those three different days. I had a lady who was proud of herself. Oh, I've had no reactions. Nothing happened to me. And deeper she got into repentance and had godly sorrow for the things that were going on in her life. I think it was the second or the third time she did it. Then it happened. And the spiritual tie started to break because she humbled herself, got off a high horse. And she humbled herself before God and the ties started to break. Then she started doing it all over and started breaking and started remembering more and more people that she had forgotten about. And this could be through parties, orgies and so on. So, the second prayer is going to deal with yoga. It's going to deal with anything that you've practiced. It was outside of the design of God. And this can extend to things like Kama Sutra. People pick up Kama Sutra books and say, well, you know, let's try these things. Because that is a dedication to a God and not God in the kingdom of heaven. You've got to repent for serving another God through the practice of this particular form of sex. You've got to repent of it. And then you will break all your sororities, your ties, your clubs, the oaths that you make. The word of God says, man, make no oaths. So, you will make no oaths. You will break those oaths. You will name that club. You will name the oath that you break. You will renounce it. You will reject it. You will break it. And you will no longer be subjected to it. You will no longer walk with it. You will no longer follow it. Because you will only be following the design of God for your life. So, I'm going to say these two prayers. And once I've said these two prayers, then you will repeat the prayer with the first person you've had on your mind.