As the word of God would have us, we all move in unison. We move in oneness. Acts 1 verse 14 says, These all continued in one accord, in prayer and supplication with the woman and Mary, the mother of Jesus, and with his brothers. This means like an orchestra that plays a beautiful piece. This is how the body should be that you're in. You feel that there is a unity. You feel there's unity amongst you. And what you are producing is a godly sound, a godly production, so to speak. But there are people in church who are not healed. They come, but they don't want to take the prescription of their physician. And they're there to gossip, catch stories, get information. Make their lives feel better. And they form soul ties with people. They are soulish people. They're always in the soulish realm. They're always in the emotional realm. They're always, I feel this way and I feel that way. They're never led by the Spirit. And these people sometimes strive to be in positions in church. Sometimes they strive to be close to the pastor. And you could be that person. You know, pastor said this, pastor said that, pastor, pastor, pastor, pastor, pastor. And you could have an ungodly soul tie, an unhealthy soul tie with these particular people because there's contention in the church. It's fighting for people's affections. And you've got groups and you've got cliques and you've got fashion parades and you've got this, that, to the third. And it's just a whole mess. Because the soul tie aspect is out of hand and the Spirit of God is no longer leading. People are now taking offenses. You can't say a word and someone takes an offense to what you said. And they've left the church and they've resigned from Christianity and the church hopping. And it just becomes a whole mess. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are not one of those people who are in church for recognition. Who are in church just for soul ties. To be soulish. To dump your garbage on other people. And be careful that other people don't dump their garbage on you. Yes, we share each other's burdens. We pray for each other and we move in unison. But there's a line that we need to keep. And if we become soulish in church, then how does the Spirit of God lead? Because the soul has a mind of its own. And the soul wants to rule also. Your spirit wants to rule. Your soul wants to rule. And your flesh wants to rule. But the godly order is that your spirit rules. Your soul is obedient to your spirit. And your body has to follow suit. Be careful. Also while you're in church. That you are not groomed. To be in a position. That you're going to be locked into. So you may be good at something. And they acknowledge and can see you are good at this thing. So they promise themselves. They're going to give you a position. And they give you this position. And you wholeheartedly take this position. And everybody is blowing hot air at you. Because you are genuinely good at what you do. But now you are locked in a soul tie.