Sexual relationship, two-year sexual relationships that are not working out, you are bonding with them. You're having a soul tie with them. And these soul ties are not broken. Spiritually, they are recorded in the kingdom of heaven against you. A guy and a girl can have sex and five years later they see each other and they're both single and they start talking to each other and you start having these feelings again for this person and he pushes and you resist and he pushes further and you resist and next thing you know you're back in a sexual relationship. You're calling it a relationship. You're just having sex. And you think to yourself, how did this happen? I said I'm never going to take him back. Well, you have a soul tie. The spirit that is working the soul tie inside of you is the same spirit that is working the soul tie inside of him. That spirit is triggering you. It is producing lustful feelings inside of you and it's producing lustful feelings inside of him that when the two of you are, wherever you all are, you'll get it on. That's how soul ties are formed. They are reinforced by spirits. They keep you sexually active. Then your body count now goes from having one partner to two partners to three partners. Now you're sitting with 19 partners. You're sitting with 20 partners. Right all the way up to 50, 60, 70 partners. Yes, I've dealt with people with numbers that are that high. But all you are ever doing is just gratifying your flesh. You're not serving the purposes of God. So now you're trying to cling. You're trying to cling to this person. But this person doesn't really have the capacity to stay with you. They chased you. They pursued you. You might be an attractive person. And they've slept with you. They've had their share of you. But the spirit inside of them tells them, the spirit of rejection tells them, Right, leave her. Go. Or the spirit of rejection inside of you tells you, leave him. Go. Tell him, no, thank you. Make things difficult. Start texting all these insecurities. Make him feel inadequate. And then all of a sudden he picks up and leaves. Three months later, the relationship is over. So you find teenagers going crazy over each other after they've slept with this person and then going completely miserable when this person has left them and they cannot understand why this has happened. It's even with adults. To the point where some adults want to commit suicide. But there's a greater danger to this because your sexuality is not something that remains untouched. Your sexuality has a preference. It's impressionable. So, for example, you meet this guy. And I know I'm using it from a woman's point of view because women are always the victims of these shenanigans. Mainly, most of the time, are always the victims of these shenanigans. And you meet this guy. And you take him to bed with you. And this man is impressive in bed. Man, he's just impressive. And you're thrilled about his performance. And you say to yourself, Well, no man has ever done this to me before. Wow, you're so good. This, that, to the third. You're thinking to yourself, And this is the guy for me forever and ever. Now you're basing your relationship forever and ever on a guy who's got this master performance in bed. But have you ever asked yourself the question, How did this man get so good in bed? Or how did this woman get so good in bed?