Good day everyone and welcome to the podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to start a new topic called Breaking Soul Ties. In this topic we're going to look at what a soul tie is, what is the spiritual ramifications of having soul ties, what are good soul ties and what are bad soul ties. We're also going to be looking at what repentance is because you cannot break a soul tie without having repented for the soul ties. The importance of repenting before breaking a soul tie and also how to replace old habits with new habits. Because at the end of the day what good is it if you break an old habit and don't replace it with a new habit, you will only revert back to the old habits and that will then put you back in bondage and you would not have the capacity or the willpower to move forward on later on in life. Soul ties can occur between lovers, they can occur between sexual partners, they can occur between people, friends, church leaders and their congregation, it can occur between parents, it can occur with work colleagues. You could have an emotional soul ties, it can occur with somebody of the opposite sex or of the same sex at work where you are emotionally dependent on this person or this person is emotionally dependent on you and sometimes it can be extremely draining. And so we're going to have a look at all of this in this podcast and we're going to see how God designed us for what purpose did he design us for and how we broke it. We're going to look at how bonding occurs. We're going to look at what we should do if we find ourselves with a high body count. And then we're going to do the prayers that are going to set us free because you've got to have faith, you've got to believe. That's going to set us free from the soul ties we've had with people who are once in our lives or no longer in our lives, who are currently in our lives but don't want to go away and we don't know how to break away from them. So sit back, relax and maybe you want to take a note, a pen and paper and take some notes, that's okay because the journey might be a little bit lengthy but at the end of the day we're going to come out with garments as white as snow. So let's start from the beginning and we're going to walk away from the word of God from the beginning into our current lives. One of the things that God had impressed upon my heart was to explain it this way, he said, or he showed me that I should explain it as an analog clock. And you know analog clock got 1 to 12 on it and he says when the two hands are pointing to the 12 then all our desires are for God, we live for God. But the minute the long hand moves away and it points slightly off, there is sin because we know sin is missing the mark and the generation that is born within that sin then starts from a point of sin, not from a point of God. And unlike the generation that is born within that sin, not from a point of sin, not from a point of sin, not from a point of sin, not from a point of sin.