Not being soulishly involved in a church to the point that you're so blinded you can't see the truth. Let's move on. So I don't want to rehash old podcasts and I suggest that you go listen to the old podcast, God's Design for Sex and so on and so forth. Overcoming fear and building faith. Every season in those podcasts has got information that pertains to the spiritual life and the earthly life. Everything happens first in the spirit because God said it. When God says something it is spirit first and then it manifests here upon the earth. And if God says you will long for your man, now you're here upon the earth, guess what you're doing? You're longing for your man. So it is always spirit first before it is physical. And I don't want to explain this because then the podcast is going to be five hours long and that's not my intention. So I encourage you to go back and listen to the other podcasts, especially Generational Curses. Listen to the first three. I'm going to do number four when I have the appropriate time for it. So because everything starts in the realm of the spirit first, even Jesus said it, we pray that we do the will of heaven here upon the earth. People, because of God's decree, people are attracted to each other. Now you must understand, attraction is not necessarily a bad thing. God designed us to be attracted to the opposite sex. He designed us that way. When Adam first saw Eve, Adam came with bones of my bones and flesh of my flesh. That basically said in today's terms, we belong together and you know that I'm right. But they are also ungodly soul ties. And these ungodly soul ties are driven by ungodly forces. You see, Satan plays a role. But his role is not to produce anything. It's to destroy everything. So he himself has his kingdom set up. You find that in the book of Genesis chapter 6, when God destroys the earth with the flood, man's heart was extremely evil. But we also see that the sons of God saw the daughters of men, the Nephilim, the fallen angels. The fallen angels saw the daughters of men and they created the Nephilim. They were sleeping with the woman because Satan's always trying to corrupt what God has created. He wanted to corrupt the lineage so that Jesus Christ wouldn't be born perfectly. But unfortunately for him, God had other plans and he was not privy to God's plans. And so Satan introduced sexual immorality to corrupt mankind. But whenever we sin, we open ourselves up to be attacked by an entity from the dark realm. And this entity is usually the spirit of perversion, the spirit of sexual perversion, lust and so on. So like all things, let's start with the godly order. First, God created Adam and Eve and they had children. And he had set a design in place that when a man finds a woman, And he wasunderted into meeting the hospital. And until another person, I've been kidnapped one day.