Now this word, therefore, if you see this word, therefore, you must understand what's a therefore. Therefore, basically saying, based upon the commitment you have made or the confession you have made to this woman, shall a man leave his father and his mother and shall cleave unto his wife and they shall be one flesh. So this was a union and this was a marriage that was taking place and they both were naked and the man and his wife were not ashamed. So when God was dealing with me, he said, take note that when he brought Eve to Adam, he said nothing because in the beginning there was not a suitable help meet for Adam. So when God brought Eve, out of Adam's own mouth came the commitment to Eve. It was not God, it was Adam that committed himself to Eve. And upon the words of Adam, God then made the decree, the design for a man and a woman and how they should live. So let's quickly look at the definition of the word cleave. The word cleave in the Strong's is 1692 and it means to cling, to adhere figuratively, to catch by pursuit. We always hear of men chasing after women, abide fast, fast together, to follow close, harden after and be joined together, keep, fast, overtake, pursue, stick and that's the definition for cleave. So God said after Adam's throw ups, after his sweet talk Eve, God said to Adam and Eve, for this reason, a man, he didn't say a woman, he says a man will leave his mother and his father to be with his wife. Based upon your confession now, a man is going to do this. He is going to follow close to his wife, he is going to be joined, they are going to stay together and he is going to pursue her and they are going to be a family in that manner. But then after the serpent had come into the garden and had tempted Eve and she had gave Adam the apple to eat, now God was on the scene and he was dishing out curses. And in chapter 3, verse 16, he says unto the woman, I'm going to read here, unto the woman, he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception. In sorrow thou shalt bring forth children, now listen to this, and thy desire shall be unto thy husband and he will rule over thee. The word in the strong reads as kassab, it means to yearn for or to long after. Another definition says that the desire can range in various wants. Your emotional needs, your emotional needs, your cravings, your natural desires, your sexual longing can be for the man, will be for the man, your desires will be for the man, and your desires can even exist.