There was an ungodly thing that needed to be addressed. How did I know that I would be able to talk to that girl so easily? Now, I didn't say I'm perfect. I had to get saved. All of us who have got rotten past need the Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. No righteous people come to Jesus Christ. But I had to address that issue that was inside of me. And the same issue that was inside of her needed to be addressed. Because when she spoke of her life, her life was in shambles. And everything went. Everything was okay to do. There was no wrong. And eventually she gave her life to the Lord and she got married. And whether or not she maintained her deliverance and her walk with Christ, that I do not know of. So when you think about your life, and I'm talking about sexually now, how many partners you've been attracted to, you've actually slept with. God hasn't designed you for that purpose. Because these spiritual ties, these sexual connections, these sexual escapades you've been on, they cause spiritual confusion in your life. They cause emotional confusion. Emotionally, you become damaged emotionally. Because you want to bond with this person, but this person is only using you for their own gain. You have a sexual addiction. That's why you have lust. You sit and for some reason lust comes over you and you just start texting sexual messages and sending pictures of yourself and requesting naked pictures from people. You have a compulsive behavior. You have an obsession with that particular person. Because the Word of God says that your desire will be, as a female, your desire will be for her. And as a male, based upon your preference, you will chase after her. And now you have a tie in the spiritual realm. You have a tie in the emotional realm. You have a physical tie with this person. And it's created other complexities inside of you. And so now you've got this body count. Okay, you started to be sexually active when you were a teenager. You slept with this person and the relationship was two years and it didn't last. And you slept with that person. And the relationship was for six months and you slept with that person. It was three months. And then you find your relationships always seem to be shorter and shorter. And when you look at yourself, you might be an attractive person. You might have all of the bells and whistles that a man or woman wants. But they can't stay with you for very long. Because you have now developed the inability to bond. You want to bond. But based upon your past relationships, you have issues. You have now a heart that is broken. You have now fear of commitment. If the person doesn't show up on time, you are now going hysterical. Your mind starts to run wild with all these things as to what the person is doing. You have your own personal insecurities about how you look. What this means is spiritually you are bonding with all of these people. All of the partners you have in one night stands with is five years, six years.