There are those people who will seek you out, they will pursue you, hunt you down to be your friend, but then they want to know everything about your business. Where you went to, who you spoke to, how long you spoke to that person, what you all did, what time you came home, what you cooked, what's in your cupboards, what you're wearing. And something seems a little bit off about the amount of time this person is in your life. It can be almost draining. But at the same time, it can also be addictive because this person pays a lot of attention to you. But this is not a good soul tie. This heavy dependency on your existence to make their lives mean something or matter. Some people who use witchcraft do this a lot because they want to monitor you, they want to study you, they want to understand you. So when they do break you, they break you utterly and completely. You need to be able to discern the people around you and their motives and not just take everybody at face value. You need to make sure and ensure that the people who genuinely seek you out are seeking you out because they truly want to see you progress in life. They don't want to become a drain to your energy that you have. And I'm not talking about chakras and all of these things. We are Christians. We don't believe in all of that. But I'm talking about your emotional energy, your physical energy, just your mind. You know, when you need that energy in your mind to focus on your life and just to get through the day and you've got this person coming with their 110 bags of garbage that they want to dump on you, you've got to have a boundary and you've got to set a limit with such people. You don't want to be tied to such people because these people can make you feel bad quickly. These people will manipulate you. These people will make you feel guilty for your own things, as if you did something wrong. That's how bad soul ties with such people are. It is your responsibility to do a proper assessment of who you have in your life, who you have around you in your life. That soul tie you need to stay away from and avoid. The other soul tie is, like I read in Colossians 2 verse 2, where you are in a church setting. And church, depending on where you fellowship, can be a very uplifting place. It can be a spiritually enlightening place. You can get energy to carry on for the next week. You are motivated, you feel the presence of God, the love of God. You have healing, you have deliverance, so on and so forth. And it can also be a very vulnerable place because you have to confess your sins. You have to confess all of your dirty deeds and your dirty ways. And sometimes you are in a cell group, in a body, and you pour out your soul to these people in the hopes that they are not going to catch, carry and take your confessions as stories to other people in the church and spread information about you that shouldn't be spread. Instead, instead... Instead...