He will take her to be his wife. He's not going to date her. He's not going to have a five-year sex plan with her or a two-year sexual plan with her until marriage. No, that is not of the design of God. That is ungodliness. And for the most part, the church has accepted that these two are together. They are in a sexual relationship that is an ungodly relationship. But the hyper-grace preachers will tell them, oh, well, you know, God's got you and this, that to the third, which is incorrect. That is not the plan of God. Yes, God created you. Yes, God gave you your emotions. God gave you your feelings. And it is not wrong to have a feeling for the person of the opposite sex. It is not wrong to be attracted to that person when you reach a certain age. That is all in the design of God for your life. Where it becomes an issue is where we transgress now the laws of God, the rules of God, the design of God. And you find, remember the clock analogy, where we've gone so far away from God that we cannot see right from wrong. So in today's culture and society, it's actually acceptable for a young girl to fall pregnant as a teenager. It is acceptable for a boy to be sleeping with many girls. It is acceptable for children as young as 12 years old to be having abortions and to be dating and to be going out on dates. We've moved so far away from God's reality that we have created a cage for ourselves. We have needs that cannot be met by the current lifestyle that we are living. And these ungodly soul ties are so bad, you will get a woman who is abused by a man constantly. She's not married to him, but he has manipulated her. He has had sex with her. She has done every perverse thing under the sun she can for him. He has beaten her, her family has spoken to her, friends have spoken to her, pastors have spoken to her, but she keeps running back to this particular person. She has an ungodly soul tie with this person. There is not only an ungodly soul tie that is with this person, but there is a demon or demons that are in play with this particular person. I'll give you an example of myself. One day, some time back, I was sitting outside and this girl walked past and something inside of me got excited and I was like, my goodness, what is this? So I let her walk past and when she had finished buying what she was buying by the shop, she was walking home and I called her. I had a knowing and I called her, but I was saved. I knew that I still had needed stuff to be cleaned up in my bloodline. And I called her and I spoke with her and I said to her, you have a spiritual issue. And she broke down and she says, yes, I've been suffering spiritually. This, that to the third, and I don't know what to do. And so I invited her to the cell meetings and we prayed for her. And then she had seen me preaching. I was doing street ministry and while under the word, she was convicted and gave her life to the Lord. And what?