Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to take a break from faith over fear and we're going to focus on a topic and a subject that is plaguing the church and our teenagers inside of the church today. We have a big push by government to force feed our children their idea of what sexuality is. We as a church know that their gender is demonic. So we have to take a stand and we have to educate our kids on God's design for our bodies. So in this podcast we are going to be dealing with sexuality. It is up to us to educate our children on the truth because if we don't then they will. One of the reasons you were created was to reproduce upon the earth. Our bodies were created male and female. They were designed by God to fit perfectly together in sexual unity. But both man and woman were created for a covenant relationship with God. God created male and female. One man for one woman and one woman for one man. Jesus reiterates this when he says in Matthew chapter 19, And he answered and said unto them, Have you not read that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female? And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife, and they too shall be one flesh. Marriage is a covenant instituted by God between a man and a woman only. This unity will through a covenant form a godly soul tie, and this soul tie will make these two become one flesh. The word flesh in the Greek translates to one body, or kindred, or human nature. God sets a standard in the Old Testament for the Jewish people. He put two commandments in place to uphold this. Exodus 20 verse 14 reads, And this is the seven commandment. You shall not commit adultery. The ten commandment reads, You shall not covet your neighbor's wife. Later on, Jesus tightens the law further in Matthew 5 verses 27 and 28. And a portion of it reads, You shall not commit adultery. But I say unto you, That whoever looks at a woman to lust for her, Has already committed adultery with her in his heart. So a married man cannot be thinking of other women when he has his wife, His own wife. And likewise, That's who the woman. She cannot be off fantasizing by some singer, rapper, or actor. In today's society, sex is viewed only from a medical and psychological standpoint. This is more of a secular viewpoint. The viewpoints of God are not considered anymore. In fact, God has been totally taken out of the education equation. Without the understanding.