Standing of the Creator's Implementation of Sex, we would easily abuse and misuse sex against the purpose it was intended for. Everything created by man comes with a manual. This manual gives the user the proper guidelines on how to use the equipment. Included are the limits of the equipment and also the safety warnings if it is abused. To protect you from being abused, God our Creator placed rules regarding the right way the natural use of our bodies as it pertains to sex and also its limits. You were created spirit first, soul and body. Sex, while performed with the body, can negatively affect our soul and spirit. But the correct order is spirit, soul, then body. Our spirit connects with the Father through Christ Jesus. Our soul loves the Father and all things that He has commanded for us, we do. Our bodies do in obedience what our spirit and soul commands it to do. Anytime we use our sexuality outside God's design, that is, outside the plan of marriage, we have misused it. Misusing leads to abusing it. Sooner or later, the abuse will feel like it is normal and we will suffer as a result of our thinking on how we should use our bodies. God made it simple for us to have a relationship. Sin made it hard. To use a simple analogy, when we were young, we were all like Play-Doh. When we met our first partner in life, the first encounter is like the first stencil used to make the shape on your sexuality. God intended there to be only one imprint that would be of your husband, likewise with the woman. Through this simplicity, it is then easy, by God's design, for a couple to remain faithful. Our only desire would be with that one person, only because that was God's original intent. Your desire will be for your husband, that is in Genesis chapter 3. Without having the experience of sleeping around, there would be no need for any other kind of sexual experiences. That means, in simple terms, the Play-Doh would only be impacted by one stencil and the results will always be the same. But if you had lions, tigers, giraffes, all imprinted on the dough, then there would be no real shape to identify with. Like the teaching I did on Soul Ties, each partner leaves you with something and takes something from you. It is from this plethora of relationships, do we get thoughts of being unfaithful and or never satisfied in our marriages, always thinking of that other person that got away. You can be impacted not only by sex, but what you watch.