Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host, Ashton. Today we're going to continue with a series called Faith Over Fear. Today we're going to look at the role of power in our lives. In all situations that we face, we either operate with the power of God or we are trapped by fear in those particular situations. 2 Timothy 1 verse 7 reads, For God had not given us the spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind. The word power in the text translated from the Greek means douminous. It means power. It means might. It means strength. Use of physical power. It means force. It means having the ability. It means having energy. It means having the power to do marvelous deeds and works. Efficacy. The word helps translate the word as having ability. To be able to perform the duties that you have been given. The power to achieve. The power to apply the Lord's inherent abilities. And also the power through God's ability. The word power is used 120 times in the New Testament. Many Christians struggle with this particular saying. They always say things like, I can't do it, or it seems impossible. People, especially when they're working in the vineyard of the Lord, and there are tasks for them to do, but they just don't see a way of how they can accomplish it. This statement directly violates the power that God has given you and placed inside of you. People who want to give up because they are tired or because they have stopped believing in the will of God for their lives are not lining up with the victory that God has for them in their life. Your words are based on fear. You fear that the outcome which you are hoping for may never be achieved. But God says that I have given you my power. The power God has placed inside of you is his own ability for you to accomplish your tasks. Romans 1 verse 6 says, For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is a power of God to salvation for everyone who believes, for the Jews first and also for the Greek. The source of this power you have inside of you is heavenly, given to all who believe in Christ Jesus. The role of this power is to make us stand victoriously in the face of our situations and not cower. The presence of fear therefore or the delapidating fear that we experience sometimes is then the very absence of God within our situations. It means that we are not experiencing the love of God. It means we are not trusting God for his power to get us through difficult situations. In order for us to overcome any difficult situations,