Situations, we need to have power. That particular power boosts our will to overcome and succeed what is before us. God has given us a choice. We can be victims or we can be victors. But depending on what we choose to believe and receive from Him will ultimately determine if we lay there defeated or we're standing over our enemies in victory. Luke 8 verse 25 says, But He said to them, Where is your faith? And they were afraid and marveled, saying to one another, Who can this be? For He commands even the winds and the water, and they obey Him. The first thing Jesus addressed inside of His disciples was their fear. They had moved from a position of faith to a position of fear. Mark 5 verse 36 says, As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, He said to the ruler of the synagogue, Do not be afraid, only believe. The word afraid in the Greek says, To put to flight, frightened, something that is too terrifying. Strong says, Struck with fear, seized with alarm. Jesus was constantly teaching His disciples and the people around Him that they should not be seized with fear, but they should only believe in God. And how true is it for us today when we hear of a bad situation or terrible news of a loved one, a friend, a family, and the first thing that comes to mind, we are seized with fear, we are seized with horror, and instead of believing God, we then succumb to our fears. As Christians, we are all at different levels in our life when it comes to having faith over fear. The other night, I had put my phone on charge, and I had got a yellow warning sign by the connector. So I unplugged it and I plugged it in again, and it said the same thing, warning. So I followed the cable to the charger and everything seemed fine. But when I pushed the cable in, I realized that it wasn't fully pushed in, so there was a trickle charge. And that is the case with many Christians, is that we are not fully plugged in to the source and the power of God. Even though my phone appeared to be properly plugged in, the receiver was telling me, warning, I am not receiving enough power. Although the power source, the adapter, was connected and was receiving 100% of the power, You and I as Christians, if we allow our fears to get in the way, these fears are just like the cable that was not properly connected to the power source. We are not fully powered by the source. We have all these other things in between the source of the power and us receiving the power, and therefore we do not operate as God wants us to operate. The supply of God's power is always consistent in our lives. But we, through fear, are not properly drawing.