Casting down arguments and every high thing that exalts itself against the knowledge of God. Bringing every thought into captivity to the obedience of Christ. Since fear is a deceiver and a manipulator, it creates strongholds in our minds. And we need our minds to function. This stronghold of fear will reinforce negative thinking patterns. Many people battle with the lies they believed and are unable to break free from those negative thoughts about themselves, their life and how they are received by others. There are many reasons why a stronghold may have occurred in our lives. You could have been raised in an abusive family or mocked as a child. Rejection also plays a role. Your environment could also play a role that has brought about strongholds in your life. Maybe you're from a poor community. Thoughts about your appearance and what other people think about your appearance. And then also through trauma. This negative way of thinking makes you question anything that is contrary to what you think and believe about yourself. For example, if a person genuinely pays you a compliment about your appearance, you may say, I know I'm not pretty or I don't believe that comment they made about me. Strongholds are just that. They reinforce all the negative backward thinking you have about yourself. They ultimately become the gatekeepers of your mind and all things positive about you are kept at bay while all things negative are believed by you about yourself. But there is hope. Romans 12.2 reads, When you come to God, there must be a renewal of thought. This renewal comes from seeding God's word as your new truth for your life. This truth that sets you free breaks away from the habits and patterns stemming from the old way of thinking that you had. You rise above your environment, your culture, your situation and the way you used to live when you start living God's plan for your life. It is God's word that transforms you as you conform to his word and no longer the old patterns you lived out before. Every barrier you ever had is broken down in your mind as the truth sets you free. In one of God's many blessings, he said, You will be the head and not the tail. Renewing your mind by God's word brings about this kind of living. Ephesians 4.23 reads, And just a portion of it says, And be renewed.