G'day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to continue with the series Faith Over Fear. In this episode we will speak about renewing of your mind. 2 Timothy 1.7 reads, For God had not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind. We must understand how fear works in order to deal with it effectively. Fear always works as an opposition to God's will for your life. It will seed in your mind doubts about God's word and provision and love that God has for you. When you fail to guard your mind, you allow fear to intrude. And when it is in your mind, then the manipulation process begins. What we need to understand is that the quality of our life, the way we live and think, depends upon the way we think. All of our thoughts shape who we are. And it plays a huge role in what we do and say. Your mind is a gift from God to you, and if you do not protect it, then you will abuse it. The abuse of our minds and the actions we act out will undoubtedly bring us into conflict with God. Genesis 6 verse 5 reads, And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of his thoughts, of his heart, was only evil continually. And as a result, God sent the floods. 1 Peter 1 verse 13 reads, Therefore, gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and rest your hope fully upon the grace that is to be brought to you at the revelation of Christ Jesus. The word gird means to tighten, like if you have a belt on and your pants is loose, then you tighten your belt in order to secure your pants. And the word loins means reproductive, your creative side of your mind. It is therefore our responsibility to protect the mind and what thoughts are being produced in it. There are godly thoughts, natural thinking thoughts that allow us to function, and there are also ungodly thoughts. Our job is to fight, stop any thoughts that don't line up with the word of God for our lives. Where we have allowed our minds to wander off in fantasy, envy, jealousy, anger, hate, revenge, low self-esteem, and so on, we are commanded to tighten up the slack we have allowed to make the renewal of our minds a new habit in our lives. 2 Corinthians 10 verses 4 and 5 reads, For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty in God for pulling down strongholds, for the weapons of our bliver with Thank you.