In the spirit of your mind. We read from Ephesians chapter 4 verse 22 and 24. It says that you put off concerning your former conduct the old man which grows corrupt according to the deceitful lusts and to be renewed in the spirit of your mind. And that you put on the new man which was created according to God in true righteousness and holiness. Since the sole responsibility of guarding your mind is your work to do. There is no automatic action that causes you to put on the new mind daily. We do this by choice, by obedience and by force under the guidance of the Holy Spirit. Eventually this will become nature to us to live as the word commands us to live. But our old self would still want to find expression in our bodies. It will use friends, culture and even our partners that we have in life or our environment that we are in. The flesh will always try to resist the spirit. It will fight you to go back to your old carnal ways. Paul says I die daily and we too must put to death our flesh so that the new man may live through us. Mark chapter 3 verse 27 reads No one can enter a strong man's house and plunder his goods unless he first binds the strong man and then he will plunder his house. Luke chapter 11 verse 21 and 22 reads out of the MSG When a strong man, armed to the teeth, stands guard in his front yard, his property is safe and sound. But if a stronger man comes along with superior weapons, then he is beaten at his own game. The arsenal that gave him such confidence hauled off and his precious possessions plundered. This is a struggle for many Christians because many people who come to Christ struggle with the stronghold of their minds. And when they are defeated because they feel like they just couldn't carry out what the word of God says because the flesh is now speaking, they feel like they have failed Christ. But Ephesians 6 verse 10 says, Our struggle is not against flesh and blood. It is Satan's tactic to make you feel like you have lost and you have failed Christ. If he succeeds in making you feel that way, then he has hid the gospel from your mind. But if you renew your mind with the gospel of Jesus Christ, then the light of it would shine on you, breaking all of Satan's lies and fears that he has for your life. So in conclusion, we see that the renewing of our minds depends on us seeding the word of God within our lives and transforming what we used to do into what God has ordained for us to do. God bless you.