One of the very common examples, he said in order for you to build a building, you have to build it upon a rock. The foundation of that building must rest upon a rock so that when the storms of life come, when the winds, the waters, that building will stand and not be moved by the turmoils of life. And so with the many doctrines that are floating around today in Christianity, if you are not planted on the correct foundation, the foundation which was chosen by God in the first place, that is Jesus Christ. Then when the storms of life come in your direction and you start falling and you start falling apart, then you've got to realize that the foundation you're standing upon, that which you've chosen to see within yourself, is not really from God. Your spiritual life depends upon you being built on a firm foundation laid by God himself, which is Jesus Christ. He is the rock upon which you should build and build only upon that rock. 2 Timothy 2 verse 19 reads, As the world when passeth, so is the wicked no more, but the righteous is an everlasting foundation. The foundations are laid by God, and us who have received Christ will build upon that which is known by God. 1 Corinthians 3 verse 11 reads, For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ. Our spiritual life is based on Christ Jesus. It means no man or man-made program, man-made doctrines, foods, songs, rituals, religious observance, religious organizations and affiliations can be what we perceive as having faith or a spiritual life. God can only build on Jesus Christ. You cannot fake faith. Your appearance, your image, your dress, your works, all of that cannot fake faith. All of your labors must be built on him. So when the storms come, you will be able to stand and be unshaken. Matthew 7 verse 24 to 25 reads, And I'm just going to paraphrase it. I'm just going to break it down. It says, Whosoever cometh to me, heareth my sayings, and doeth them. We cannot leave out one step. We come to the Master. We hear his instructions. Then we go and do them. Jesus recognized that to get to the bedrock, to get to the rock upon which people need to stand on, that we as the seekers of God need to dig deep. Most builders will dig deep until they strike rock. Once they have found the rock, they will start laying the foundation. And Jesus said, Those who dig deep will find the rock.