All the years of people telling him that, well, it is something that he's going to have to live with, had to be undone so that he could receive the correct word for the healing for his son. God has a word for every situation within our lives. It is our responsibility to seek out the word of God, stand upon the foundations that were laid, which is Christ Jesus, and then stand in an unwavering manner, not shaken by circumstances or situations, and believe God for that which we have prayed for. Hebrews chapter 2 verse 4 says, Again, I repeat this, it is your responsibility to hear correctly what has been preached unto you. It is your responsibility to not have itchy ears and run after the things that are not going to benefit you. When you hear, you need to hear it in faith, and you need to obey that which you have heard. Submit to the word of God and the will of God, and things will then turn around in your favor, because you have not submitted to any form of doubt or shaking that is taking place within your life. So to wrap up this session, let's look at God's perspective on proper faith. We turn to the book of Deuteronomy chapter 7 verses 17, and God says, If thou shalt say in thine heart, these nations are more than I, how can I dispossess them? You see, your confession is very important, because God knows that your confession comes from your heart. And if you have relegated God into not being able to do that which you require of Him, then He will not do that which is required of Him. He is saying to you, If you yourself do not believe I can do it, how then can I do it? You see, God's thoughts and opinions on the matter is very important. That one verse should shape the way you believe within your heart for the things that God wants to do for your life. It is up to you now to look and search your heart and see that which is not of God, not built in Christ, but rooted in man, rooted in gold, rooted in silver, built on whatever it is that you feel safe and comfortable in. And it is your job to ask God to call down fire upon it so that it may be removed from you, so that when you dig deep, you find Christ. And upon that rock, you start building your faith and you start hearing what He has to say. You start doing His commands and you start receiving the things of God that you so require from God. My name is Ashton and this is the Building Faith series. I wish you well, may God bless you, and I hope you now realign your faith to the words of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. God bless you.