Will be released to you in the natural realm. All your battles you ever gonna fight, you will have to first fight them in the realm of the Spirit. When you have conquered and succeeded in the realm of the Spirit, then the physical aspect will work itself out. When Jesus taught, he said, in the prayer of the Our Father, Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Basically saying that we as Christians should mirror what is going on in the realm of the Spirit here upon the earth and not do our own things according to what our mind perceives to be correct. God has a way, a word, and a desired outcome for everybody's life here upon the earth who will be obedient to him. Creation is a complex thing for our minds to understand. In order for Jesus to make us grasp the foundation of faith, He used very common, well-known examples of the day that everyone could understand. But unfortunately, faith doesn't seem to be an easy thing to grasp for many people in its simplicity. The issues that prevent people from operating in God's faith can vary from doctrine, beliefs, religion, or even having a false sense of humility. Some of the biggest delusions we have to faith is a works mentality. This is where you are so busy in the busyness of being in church that you think that all of that busyness, cleaning the church, stacking up of chairs, serving, all of that would constitute faith. There is a big difference from knowing about faith and operating in faith, two things that are totally separate from each other. Hebrews 6, verses 1-3 reads, Therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrines of Christ, let us go on unto perfection, not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith towards God. So faith has a direction. The direction of faith is towards God. Many people, when they ask for things in faith, they look at the outcome of the situation. If it doesn't look like it's going to happen, quickly they lose their faith. Verse 2 reads, Of the doctrine of baptisms, and laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment, and this will we do if God permits. The spectrum of faith in a Christian's life is very large. It does not point to things. It points to God. And God responds to faith. God doesn't respond to your works. He doesn't respond to how good you look, how well you dress. He responds to your faith. He doesn't even respond to your tiding. But it is to your faith that He responds. And if that ruffles a little bit of feathers, you can go to the book of Haggai and read what the prophet Haggai said to the people, You offer much, but you receive little. Basically saying, Your dead works before God is not yielding what you thought you would receive. Jesus in the scriptures used