Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to do a new series called Building Faith. In this podcast we're going to address some of the wrong thinking that is currently plaguing the church members in their belief systems about what the Word says about faith, what faith truly is, what faith isn't, and how to operate in faith correctly. Romans chapter 10 verse 17 says, So faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the Word of God. If you truly press into church members and sit and have a discussion with them regarding certain things that are not happening for their lives and ask them why do you think or believe that it is not happening for your life, somewhere deep down you'll get a response, maybe it is just enough for me. And other times you will hear people say, well in God's time this will happen or another one will say, you have to have the faith of Abraham and another one will say something else. But when you really listen to what they say, if they really open themselves up, if they are truly vulnerable with you, they will truly say these words, One of the common thoughts that plague the church is that it's for others, just not for me. And I know many people have this belief system when they see things happening for other people and they just don't see it ever happening for their lives. And so they make this inner vow with the inside of them that I will come to church, I will attend all the church services, I will clap the hands, I'll pray the prayers. But I know it is not for me. One of Jesus' biggest battles upon the earth was getting people to believe in the word that he preached and then act on that which he had preached to them. He came to move people away from dead works, back into the faith that Abraham had toward God. Unfortunately, today, many people are duped into thinking that if they put money inside of the collection tray, that that money is going to supernaturally release God's blessings that they should have faith for into their lives. But this was never preached by Jesus Christ in the first place. When he used the parable of the seed, he used that to show that what is planted in good soil will produce that which the sower so desires. One of the first things we're going to have to get to grips with is that your life starts in the spiritual, long before it started in the physical. So, in the spiritual realm, you have a spirit man that operates inside of the spirit realm. This spirit realm, your spirit man, does not sleep at all. Your natural body will sleep to have rest, but your spirit man will stay awake continuously. It does not sleep. Everything, therefore, that's going to happen to you starts within the spiritual realm. And when you have agreed with it, when your spirit man has agreed with it, then it...