So when you find the foundation, when you find the rock, it is only then can you live out the word of God. Then will your faith start truly growing. Your logic is a hindrance in faith. There are no maybes, there is no reasoning with God's commands, and also nobody is excluded from doing them. There are no free passes. This is the difference between people who hear the word, and then people who hear the same word, but act out the word they have received. So be careful of what you are listening to, and what has been preached to you. It is your responsibility to hear correctly. So let's look at Luke chapter 17 verses 5 to 7. And the Apostle said unto the Lord, Increase our faith. And the Lord said, If he had faith as a grain of a mustard seed, he might say unto the sycamine tree, Be thou plucked up by the root, and be thou planted in the sea, and it should obey you. Now, when you read the entire context of the conversation and teaching that Jesus was giving to his disciples, it was based upon, he had said to them that they should forgive 70 times 7. Now, back in the day, in the Jewish traditions, the rule was three times a day. So Peter said, Well, let's increase it to seven times. And Jesus said, Seventy times seven. And when I was contemplating on 70, this was in the evening, the Lord said to me, Seventy is the year of release, is the number of release. And so Jesus was saying, The year of release times seven. And seven is the number of righteousness. So you will release them into righteousness. Seventy times seven. And they said to him, But this is impossible. Because the answer is 500 and something. But what Jesus was actually saying to them, he was making a comparison. He said, Don't look at how large the task is. If you have faith as small as a mustard seed, that large task that you perceive will not be as large as you have imagined it to be. Because if you follow the command of the master, then you would easily overcome what he is asking you to do. And so our forgiveness is not rooted within our logic. It is not rooted within how many times we must forgive. It is actually rooted within our faith. They asked Jesus to increase their faith. Jesus said, Obey my word. Coming back to us protecting our ears so that we hear correctly to stand in faith. Romans 10 verse 14 says, How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? And how shall they hear without a preacher? Correct faith will come from correct preaching. You will not have the required faith if you haven't heard the necessary word. When Jesus was confronted with the man whose son had a demon for many years, the man said to Jesus, Help my unbelief. That man had to be reprogrammed in his thinking. Because. Because. Thank you.