So when you're looking for patterns in your family, then look at the word of God. We see in Deuteronomy 27 verse 15, what brings in a curse? Now it may not necessarily bring in a generational curse, but it does bring in a curse. And reiterated is making a carved image, treating parents with contempt. That means treating them as worthless. You dishonor your parents, they're beneath your consideration. Moving your neighbor's boundaries, causing a blind person to stumble. Preventing injustice to the widow, to the orphan. Laying with your father's wife, laying with animals, laying with any of your sisters. Sleeping with your mother-in-law, attacking your neighbor. How we see people jump their neighbors, that brings in a curse. Taking a bribe to kill. And then to somebody who's rebellious, that does not want to conform, a curse is also placed upon them. So when you're viewing your own actions in life, the blessings and curses carry on in Deuteronomy chapter 28. We're just going to focus on the cursing part. Because when you're looking at your life and you're beginning to see what are the patterns that keep reoccurring in your life, then you search the scriptures and see what it is that the people did that brought these curses into their lives. So from chapter 15 we read, cursed in the city and country. So you've got no fortune whether you're in a city or whether you're in the land. Your bread basket will be cursed. How many times people go to bed hungry, there's no money for bread. Verse 18 says, your children will be cursed. The calves will be cursed. The lambs of your flocks will be cursed. This is a generational curse. It won't fall upon you, it's going to fall upon your children. Cursed when you come in and leave. That's the spirit of rejection. Confusion, you find somebody coming in and you say, oh, this person again. And when they leave, oh, thank you Lord, they've left. Confusion, rebuke in everything you put your hand to. Again, this brings me back to when I was working. How confused I was. How much issues I had with management. And every time I put my hand to something, there was always an issue. Plague you with diseases. Verse 22 says, you'll have fever, inflammation. Inflammation of the joints. Inflammation of the knees. Inflammation of the wrists. Inflammation. Blight on plants and mildew. So not even your crops will be successful. The sky over your head will be bronzed. That's verse 23. Will be bronzed. Do we remember the Greece fires? The Turkey fires? The fires in Spain? The fires in Portugal? What color were the skies? What about the fires in California? And the fires in South Africa? The sky turned bronze. And this is a curse that God said will be upon you. Verse 24 speaks about the desert. Verse 25 speaks about being defeated by your enemies. People always get the better of you. They always seem to win and you never seem to win. Verse 26 speaks about dying out of the covenants. Having a gruesome day.