Not even being buried. Verse 27 speaks about boils, and tumors, festering sores, and itch. The itch is what? Eczema, crabs, dandruff, and there'll be no cure for it. Verse 28 speaks about madness, blindness, confusion of the mind. And verse 29 speaks about being aimless, unsuccessful in everything that you do, waking up at no point of the day. It speaks of being robbed, and no one around to rescue you. Verse 30 speaks of failed relationships. Even your guaranteed relationship, that one will fail. The one that you think is in the bag, that one is also going to fail. Your own things will be used for others' benefits. How often have people come and made their things your own? That is a curse. Your profit been eaten by other people? That is a curse. Verse 32 says, your kids will go in bondage, and you'll be powerless to help them. That is a curse, when you cannot help your child, and your child, you see your child suffering in bondage. Verse 34 says, you will witness horrible things in your life. Verse 35 speaks about boils on the knees and on the legs. Verse 36 speaks about becoming a servant to another master. So you yourself never become a master. Or if you were a master, you get cut down very low. Becoming a thing of horror. And when I was thinking about this, my mind went to that of a drug addict. This person who was a wonderful person that got involved in drugs. And when you look at them now, they're so steep in the drugs, they're not bought. They don't look after themselves. When you see them, it's just horrific sight to see. They lose themselves. You'll plant seed, and you'll plant plenty of seed. But you'll have huge losses. Verse 38, 39. The same will be with your grapes that you plant. Verse 40 speaks of crops failure. Verse 41, bondage of your children. Verse 42, failure in crops again. This is wheat and crops of that nature. Verse 43, immigrants will be more successful than you. The immigrants will lend to you, but you will not lend to them. These people will become the head, and you will become the tail. That is a curse. Verse 45, hunger and dire poverty. So if you are constantly hungry, and there's dire poverty in the home, this is a curse. Thirst and nakedness. Fear of plagues. And your descendants, harsh, long disasters. Illnesses that never seem to go away. That is a curse. Been sick for years and years and years. That is a curse. It's in verse 59. And of course there are other curses that have been added to this. One last thing I want to speak about is the self-imposed curse. These are the words that we call into our lives. These are things that we speak over our lives. And of course... And of course...