Good day and welcome back to my podcast. My name is Ashton Campbell. This is the second installment of my podcast on generational curses. If you haven't checked out the first one, please check out the link in the description below. Click on that link and listen to the first podcast. It's about 35 minutes long. And in that podcast, I had a look at a biblical view on generational curses and I showed through scriptures how Moses was actually affected by a generational curse while leading the people of Israel to the promised land. So a little history about myself. I was married. I have a daughter. And I went to go work for a multinational company. And while I was working in this multinational company, I began to experience severe delinquency in my behaviors. And just about every week I was broke and I couldn't understand what was going on. So eventually I got married, had a kid, and my life fell apart. And by that I mean I got divorced and I struggled to understand what had been happening to me. But in this whole process, but in this whole process, I got saved. And I was in a religion. I didn't know what being saved was. If you're in a religion, being saved is a foreign concept because this religion is your savior. This religion is going to take you to heaven. And what I realized is that I was in a religion. And what I realized is that I was in a religion, but this religion was wholly ignorant to the issues that I was facing. And so I got saved. And while I was at work, I would sing gospel songs or hymns. And I noticed while I was singing, it would affect certain people in such a manner that they would run away. And they would refrain coming and standing around me or by my work area. And I never understood this. And some individuals would actually manifest. And they wouldn't manifest because I was saved. It was God showing me something that I was wholly ignorant about. And I remember, I always used to say to God, Lord, why are you showing me this thing? I'd be working, minding my own business, and I'd look up. And in between all of the machinery, this gentleman would be walking and his eyes would start rolling. And I'd say, Lord, am I going off here? Or is there something you are trying to show me? And then I realized it wasn't only one. It was several of them. And the more I got into singing and praise and worship at work, the more it began to irritate and affect them negatively. And they would run or stay away from my area. But the thing is, the coldest water at the place that I was working was by my area because my area was well shaded. So if you're thirsty, you'd want to go and come get water by my section.