Against me. To promote my delinquency, to promote my failure. And I threw it away. And I didn't know about cancelling things and stuff like that. I was wholly ignorant. And so for the next few years, while being saved, I battled and I suffered. And I hit rock bottom. And when I hit rock bottom, I remember I was standing in a bank. And I was trying to get a bank statement. And I'm standing in this queue and this lady is looking at me. She's the bank teller in the front. And she was doing bank statements and, you know, these customer service people. And I was completely dejected. I was unemployed. There was no source of income. I was in town. A few mistakes had happened financially. And so I was just in a very poor state. I was still saved. But in a very poor state. And I get to the front there. And she says, I don't know you. And you don't know me. Please understand that I don't practice witchcraft. I'm not into voodoo. I'm not into anything. But God has placed this on my heart. And he has told me. And he has told me to tell you that he loves you. And every emotion imaginable came over me. Because up until that point, I was really stressed out. And I felt, I'm not loved. And to hear it from a stranger speaking directly to my situation was mind-blowing. And immediately a weight lifted off my shoulders. And I left that place not in the obedient state. Because she had made arrangements for me to meet a group of Christians. And I was still in this religious occultic church. So my ties to the church were very strong. And I didn't go. And that was my mistake and my choice. And I continued to suffer for a very long time. And eventually I did go to a saved church. And God began to work on me. And he began to remove certain obstacles. And then I left the saved church. So it was quite tough for me. And again, I spent some time out of the church. And my life still wasn't going right. And I began to start looking at the scriptures to find out what is exactly happening to me. Because these American preachers that I used to listen to, they can preach you happy. They can preach you. They can get you excited. But it's really just sugar in a pill. And as I began to look at scriptures, I began to see patterns in my family that were against the will of God. And I began to see the consequences working in my life. And it was working at such a speed that I realized that if I don't do something about this, it's going to ruin me. And so I...