Visited by God and God puts judgment on him. But he marks him and he protects him. And Cain departs from God because now he's a sinner, he's a murderer, and he's become a vagabond. But Cain goes and dwells in cities. That's what the Bible says. What is interesting is that Cain, who was the third person upon the earth, a murderer, a sinner, the seed of the evil one, went to go live in a city. Now it's not a city as we imagine cities to be like New York, Durban, Dubai. No, it is more of a village type city. And the influence of Cain upon that city created a stronghold in that city. When you look at people who live in places like the projects, the block of flats, government, housing, you see that there's a strong influence of violence, murder, crime. Children have it very difficult growing up in those areas. The question then comes into play is, because Cain was the first one to take his sin and his curses with him to go live in a city. Could then the influence of Cain not be over these projects, these government, housing, these areas that don't have proper access to services? Could this not be Cain at work? Could Cain not be the covering over the area? And so when you're busy trying to assist in the area and you're praying, then you should break the spirit of Cain over the area. Then you should bind that spirit, because Cain was the first one to take all of his sin and concentrate it in a city. So as a church group, it would be very important to break those influences off the area. And you cannot just rescue one. If you have a plan for one, make it a plan for all. There are many Bible verses that tell us that evil communications corrupt good morals. So you can imagine the impact Cain had upon that city and the generations to follow of the Cain who lived in those cities. And so we're going back to the Israelites and they've just been released from Egypt. And Moses is coming down with the Ten Commandments and he's giving them the Ten Commandments. And I just want to look at some of the Ten Commandments that hold a generational curse. And the first one he says, I am the Lord thy God, which hath brought thee out of the land of Egypt and out of the house of bondage. Thou shalt have no other gods before me. This alone introduces us to a generational curse. Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, no statues or any likeness of anything that is in the heaven above or that is in the earth beneath or that is in the water under the earth. This goes to my dreams where I am under the water. Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image. Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image.