So while I was getting saved and not understanding what's going on with my life, in this container was a bent cross and I was saved but I still had a religious mindset. Being saved doesn't change your mindset. You've got to renew your mind through the word and meditate on it and it's just not automatic. And I found this bent cross and I picked it up and I was thinking, how am I going to straighten this cross? And this electrician came past, he took the cross for me and said, I'll straighten it for you. I think he must have known because of all the singing and what they would probably perceive as craziness that was happening to me because I just get happy and excited and so on. And he came back and he had straightened the cross and I said, wow, look at this. And I went to the QC department, I got some red paint and I sprayed three dots on it and I took the cross and I just put it, I put it at the center of my workplace and I didn't think much of it. And I carried on working and I carried on working and it was on this jig that, as I put the parts on, it turned so the jig could do 360 in both directions. And as I put it on there, the same people that were irritated by me singing praise and worship to Christ Jesus. One day while I was working, I had turned the jig and the cross turned in the direction of the sky and his head dropped to the floor. Not literally dropped, but he looked down, it was like something pulled him down and my eyes popped right open to say, well, what's going on now? And then I looked at the cross and I realized that as I turned it and he was walking my direction, his head went down. He bowed to the cross. He couldn't stand the cross and God gave me a revelation that this is not a place of work. This is actually a temple. People have used this place to practice witchcraft. People have used it to gain monies through crooked means. And here there's a lot of ungodly things that take place. And I was quite stunned because I had just taken it while we're working together, we're earning money and then we go home. Not in Africa, no. In Africa, there's competition. And I was a victim of the witchcraft. I had a locker placed in my work area. And the guy who placed the locker, Zulu guy, black male, he was leaving. And I walked behind him and I said, hey, can I have the locker, please? And he was hesitant to give me the locker, but because he was leaving and never coming back, he said, sure. So I got some tools and I busted the lock open. And as I busted the lock open, I see an empty locker, for the most part, and a packet inside of it. And I didn't know better at the time. I picked up the packet and I opened it and there was all of these herbs and leaves and other stuff inside of there. And I called my team leader and I said to him, have a look at this. And he came and he said, throw it away! Because he's a Zulu guy and he knew exactly what it was. And I realized that this was witchcraft. And it was witchcraft used.