The payment Christ made for us was made in full. We are just issuing proof of payment as a child of God to our debtors. We are no longer in debt, so their operations in our life need to cease. The Bible tells us that our ancestors migrated from the Tower of Babel thousands of years ago. And they split up and went into various directions upon the earth. There were many distinctions, many tribes, many kingdoms. Some became slaves, others became merchants. Some came down into Africa and became hunters. And the list is endless. Those who moved into Africa, they endured the heat. They endured the wild animals. Those who went to Europe endured cooler climates. Either way, people's features changed over time. And in order to survive, your family, your ancestors, may have been killers, may have been soldiers. And in some places, they may have been cannibals, eating other people. People, each member of your bloodline, added something to the DNA that we have now. And we know this because the Word of God says that all men have sinned. So these sins, we know, are in our bloodline, each and every single ancestor. If our ancestors worshiped water spirits, then those water spirits follow our bloodline. And if they worshipped or did root magic, then these spirits follow along with the water spirits also. So here you are now, in the 2000s and you've been born. Or maybe 1980s or so on. You've got a loving mom and a loving dad. But spiritually, you have strong ties to waters, roots, mountain and grave covenants. That have all come through your ancestral bloodline. And like Moses, God will honor your family covenants they have entered into and have not yet been broken. Leviticus says, For the land is defiled. Therefore, I will visit the punishment of its iniquity upon it. And the land vomits out its inhabitants. You shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments. And I shall not commit any of these abominations. The last process is, For all these abominations the men of the land have done who were before you. And thus the land is defiled. Lest the land vomit you out also when you defile it, As it vomited out the nations that were before it. The example given is the Amorites. It took 400 years for their iniquity to be fulfilled. Eventually, God sent the Israelites back to conquer the land and destroy the nations living there. It takes a few generations for sin to pile up to a state that utter destruction is needed to cleanse the land of those sins. All people who came down into Africa would have started in Egypt. The commits. Proud, strong.