Because his own works were evil and his brothers were righteous. Physically Cain was the son of Eve, yet spiritually he was the seed of the serpent. Now you can look at your own family history and look at your own family members. There's always that one person that just aggravates everybody. When that person shows up, you know the piece is going to be thrown out the window. We all could be having a very good time and everything is going nicely, but when that member rocks up and they've had a few drinks or they see somebody they don't like and they've got something on their chest, they make these nasty comments and quickly there's a division. You may all share the same grandmother and grandfather or the same parents, but in the attitudes, you'll get those who are happy, who are giving, who are loving and you'll get some who are just nasty. They're nasty towards you, they're nasty towards everybody else in the family and these are the kind of people you don't really want to attend the family functions. These are the ones you say to yourself, I hope so and so doesn't come. So when you look at Cain, you begin to think, is this the root problem of that family member? Now I'm not saying you must see yourself as righteous and self-righteous and lord yourself over people because we are all sinners and we only have righteousness through Christ. But when you are trying to address an issue, could this be a possible issue that not everybody in the family is the seed of the woman? Could some family members actually be the seed of Satan? And these are questions you've got to ask yourself. Don't be wholly ignorant about Satan's devices. Then Eve has another son in Genesis 4 verse 25 and 26 and we see Seth as one who is in the line of grace and under whose influence people call out upon the name of the Lord. So the people are calling out to God corporately through Seth's bloodline. He has the righteous bloodline. When God focuses on Adam in the garden, there's a lot of mercy given to Adam. He says, cursed is the ground because of you and doesn't put a direct curse on Adam. The labor is not the curse because in the garden, Adam was already laboring. God said, tell the soil, look after the garden. But the toil in the labor, that is the curse. The Oxford Dictionary describes toil as work extremely hard or incessantly. The second part of it is all that hard work is going to yield very little. He will be hampered by thorns and thistles. And the third part is that he will have no earthly rest. He will continually have burdens. And the first burden that was placed upon him was Cain murdering Abel. And then finally, it would be death. So when the garden says, if you eat of the fruit, thou shall surely die. But in the execution of the judgment, God has mercy and allows Adam to live his life until death. So I just want to go back quickly to Cain. We see after Cain murders Abel that he's...