Other people will speak things over our lives and those things may materialize. But I'm talking about the curses we place over our lives. Where we say things like, nothing ever good happens to me. That is a self-imposed curse. Where we say things like, especially when we're growing up, I don't want to grow old. That is a curse over your life. Or if you decide to say, at the age of 60, I'm not going to live anymore. That is a self-imposed curse. Those curses will come to fruition. So when you are looking at your life and you're trying to find the generational curses that have come through your family. I use the example of Abram. You can go check the first podcast for that. And you're looking at how things are going in your life. Then you need to start also minding what you say. Your words are important. Your words matter. The Bible says, death and life are in the power of the tongue. And you will have what you say. So people need to stop calling these curses upon themselves. You are your own worst enemy. The Bible says that the tongue is an unruly evil. And if you are going to place curses upon your life, and those curses are going to then affect your kids, because you are now in dire poverty. Your kids are born in dire poverty, and their kids are born in dire poverty, and nobody has the means to break the dire poverty. Then you need to start checking what you've been cursing and putting over your lives. And watch what you say to your children, because you will lock, block, and cage your children by the words of your mouth. I know it happened to me, and it's only when I started becoming clued up about my situation, and what the word is saying about my situation, that I could turn around and say, please don't say that to me. Cancel what you said. Reverse those words. Speak blessings over my life. And so that brings me to the close of this podcast. I wasn't even sure I was going to do it because of the rain, and I just thought to myself, the noise might affect the podcast, but I decided I'm going to do it anyway. I hope you enjoyed this installment. I hope it has blessed you. I hope it has helped you in just conscientizing your mind around your situation and what is going on in your life. If there are any pointers you can see from the Bible that are visible in your life, that are running your life, then we can use the blood of Jesus to break those curses over our lives. I'm your host, Ashton Campbell, and I thank you for staying so long with me in this podcast, and I hope you've been blessed by it. And I look forward to doing the third installment, and I look forward to having you joining me on that journey on the third installment. God bless you, and stay safe. Good day, I'm your host, Ashton Campbell, and welcome to Breaking Generational Curses. This is the third installment of the series, Breaking Generational Curses, Breaking the Cycles of Generational Curses. In the first two, we looked at the Bible's view of generational curses, and we looked at what curses could be levied against you as you are currently living now. You may have things happening in your life that you cannot understand, but these things you may have inherited through your ancestors.