God also inherited these contracts and covenants through our ancestral bloodline and we are now in a space where we have to deal with it. But God has provided the provision for us to break these cycles over our lives. God constantly speaks of foundations and when He's dealing with us, He says that He will look at our foundations to see what is really there. When we are dealing with ancestral covenants and contracts and agreements, then we need to pray and ask God to show us our foundations so that we can see. Now, we may not physically see the foundations, but we will spiritually see the foundations and what is inside those foundations. Another source of information for us is to go and ask our parents. I need to ask you a question. Have you ever consulted a tarot card reader? Have you ever consulted a palm reader? Have you ever consulted a medium? Have you ever consulted a witch doctor? A sangoma? Have you ever read tea leaves? Have you ever done anything that is against the will of God? And do you know if maybe granny or grandpa had done such things? Did you have a spiritual bath? Did you ever go to the ocean or the river? Did you slaughter a chicken? Did you slaughter a cow? Did you slaughter a bull or a goat? Were you ever covered in blood? What was the reason for it? These questions help you understand what legal contracts your ancestors may have entered into. Spiritual contracts don't work like physical contracts. God laid down the foundations for all spiritual contracts. When he met Abram, he said to Abram, I will be with you. I will be with your descendants. He said, I will be your God and you will be my people. He said that we must obey him. And there are various rules that the Lord sets out in the contract. God being the higher power and Abram being the lower power or the vassal. Every other spiritual contract follows this principle, except the contracts our ancestors entered into do not bless, but they curse. Genesis 12, 1-3 says, And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed and after thee and in their generation for an everlasting covenant to be with God. Now take note of that word, an everlasting covenant. The spirits that our parents or great-grandparents have gone to to consult are there not for that specific time only. They're not there for a month. They're not there for a day. They don't leave when whatever purposes they were needed for is completed. No, according to the spiritual laws of God, it is everlasting. So they're there to stay in our lives. So in the same pattern that Adam sinned and defiled the land and had an issue with God afterwards is the same pattern our ancestors follow who are not in Christ Jesus. Your genealogy in you carries a history. And at your birth, you inherited the family name. I have personally been on a two-year journey.