I stopped listening to all these preach-you-happy pastors. I began to start searching for information that pertains to my situation and God was very happy and pleased and eager to assist me and to show me exactly what the root issues were in my life. And he did this through dreams. Many times through dreams. I would dream about frogs. I would dream about lizards. I would dream about snakes, green snakes, black snakes, black and white snakes, long snakes, snakes the length of a road. I would dream about water. I would dream about the ocean, cliffs. There were many things that were coming to me in my dreams that I needed help understanding. But he was showing me my foundations. And he was showing me my roots. And when I began to see what was happening to me and I began to relate it to who my ancestors were and what they were busy doing, then I started to break many strongholds in my life. And places I was wholly ignorant. I had no patience in. I was angry, bitter. I began to receive deliverance in those areas. And to the point where now if something happens to me, the old me would have responded in such a violent manner. Then the new me just looks at it and says, oh well, doesn't really affect me in a negative way. Even though it had a negative impact on the situation, it never negatively affected me as it would in the past. And I knew I was now being set free by the things I was doing through scripture with the blood of Jesus, cleaning up my bloodline. And so this is what this podcast is all about. It's not about focusing on just the, it's not just focusing about the alcohol aspects and the drug aspects, the common things that we see every day, but it's focusing on the deep-rooted aspects. And that being, what did my ancestors do before I was born that caused me to be caged the way I was caged? Now, you might have family members who were Christians. Your mother and father were Christians and their mother and father were Christians and their parents were Christians and their parents were Christians. And you've never experienced anything like this. Well done. Congratulations. I am happy for your family and your bloodline. But not all of us have bloodlines that come from serving God. And so if you, the type of Christian that just quotes the Bible and because your life is all good and all hunky-dory and you just quote this, quote that, then I suggest you cut the video. Thank you very much for your 15 minutes of listening and let those, and let those who have bloodline issues continue listening so that maybe they will be able to be helped by this podcast. That's my introduction. And without any further ado, let's say,