In the water, looking at things inside of the water, thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them. For I, the Lord thy God, am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me, and showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments. If we recall with Eve, God had set enmity between the serpent and Eve, well her seed. He had ensured that the men and women will no longer be seduced by the serpent. And we see in this commandment that the Lord is saying, you will have no other gods before me. You will not seek them out. If we go back to the garden, He had already put the seed inside of us, the enmity, to war against such things. And so we find that people who willingly and willfully seek these things out are directly coming against God. They are coming against the plans that He has for their lives, they are coming against the will He has for their lives, and they are coming against God Himself by serving Satan. He said that He said that He will bless those that love Him. So this is the point I would like to drive, is that we may have family members, our parents, our parents, parents, parents, our parents, parents, parents, great-grandparents, and so on, who never repented of actively seeking out Satan through witchcraft. And these people have passed on, they've had children, they've never spoken about their occultic practices, and your children are born, and they are living under a curse, because they themselves have never heard the gospel, or never received the gospel, or never wanted to know Jesus, but just lived. I'm not saying they were not successful, they probably had careers, and those doors remained open. And so the next generation, until the curse begins to explode in such a manner, that the people who are living under the curse no longer know what is going on in their lives. And they find they are losing and having tremendous loss, and relationships are failing, finances are failing, situations around them are failing, opportunities are being closed, because this curse that is taking place, this unrepentant curse has become strong, and it has gathered momentum through the generations. And so it's only eventually when you realize that something supernatural is happening to you, and you seek out the Lord, you seek out Christ Jesus, you seek out all the benefits that He has under the new covenant, it is only then, once you start applying it, by going back into your bloodline, and by repenting of the sins of your ancestors, can you eventually break free from all those curses. Christ has already did it on the cross. We just have to take what He has done on the cross, and blood wash our ancestry with it. All things become new that touch the blood of Christ.