Have a look at where all started. And so we see Adam and Eve, after they had sinned, and they are standing before God, they are receiving punishment. We read from Genesis chapter 3, verses 14 and 15. And the Lord God said to the serpent, This is the first mention of the gospel being introduced in the garden. It's also the first mention of the Messiah that God promised for our salvation. If you read the whole account, you will see that the serpent is never questioned by God. He asked Adam questions, he asked Eve questions. And immediately the serpent is cursed. There was no need to curse the serpent. He was convicted already. And he could never receive a pardon from God. The fact that he was in the garden as a serpent lets you know his fall already happened. Genesis 3, verse 15 carries a blessing, the promise of the Messiah. It carries the skills required to war against the enemy. And the skill will be given to the woman and her descendants. And between her descendants and the serpent's descendants, there is going to be a war. So, God was addressing a very serious issue in the garden. When the serpent came upon the scene, he came and he brought a false sense of peace. Eve experienced this with Satan because she wasn't afraid of the devil. And there existed no enmity between the two. So, God divides the world into two camps when he is speaking in Genesis 3, verse 15. The camp of the woman and the camp of the serpent. The woman was first seduced. So, God sorted her out. The issue of being so easily seduced by the serpent. God put enmity between her and him. Secondly, the woman will play a role in man's redemption. By her role in bringing Adam to sin, her new role will bring the Savior to save us from sin. So, we see there is something generational God is doing. So, the question is, who is the woman's seed? Eve had two sons, Cain and Abel. We read from Genesis 4, verse 8. And Cain talked with Abel, his brother. And it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against his brother and slew him. We see Cain committed murder. In 1 John 3, verse 12, John says, Not as Cain, who was of the wicked one, and slew his brother, and wherefore he slew him.