Today's sponsor for this podcast is Whisperskincare.com. Integrated bodywork, customized massages to relieve muscle aches and pains, increase your flexibility and range of motions. Other services include facials, that is fighting the effects of aging, improve skin's elasticity, lift and scalp your face, neck and décolleté and much more. Contact Whisperskincare.com, whisperskincare.com, helping both male and female improve their lives. Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host, Ashton. Today we're going to continue with the series, Building Faith. In today's podcast, we're going to look at the role of faith in your prayer life and how we should avoid praying in the wrong manner. Culture has taught us various ways to pray, but are the ways that they have taught us, are they rooted in the things of the Word of God? Or are they rooted in the traditions that man has passed down from church leader to parent to child? Today we're going to challenge those views and we're going to learn how to pray properly in faith and learn our position that we should take when we stand or sit to pray. We can see in the beginning of Genesis chapter 1, when God created time, space and matter, that the Lord God spoke these things into existence. By this we understand that God spoke in faith and whatever he said in faith was created. God operated on a spiritual law, the law of faith. By using his faith, he created everything. God didn't sit there or stand there and wondered, if I speak this, will this come to pass? God already saw the end of it and he spoke it into existence. God spoke and his power moved. We see in the book of 2 Timothy that God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power. This is the same power that is available to God to create the worlds. For us, this is the power God has given us for our prayers to be effective in the very space and place that we occupy. We will not be confounded if we use the power inside of the word of God through prayer by faith. God has given us the power to transform the space, place that we occupy with by prayer. There is a big difference in people who pray and people who pray in faith. Many people have a good talk and their prayer life seems like it is the best because they use all the best words. They use all of the best Bible verses. But when you look at their lives, you do not see the manifestation of the things which they have been claiming for years. People can easily be fooled, but God can't be fooled. God responds to faith, not many words. I remember Kenneth Hagin or it was Kenneth Hagin when he spoke about praying for Jesus' sake. And he said, we don't pray for Jesus' sake. What sake are we talking about? Everything Jesus ever needed to do is done. We pray in Jesus' name. We pray in Jesus' sake.