And I remember growing up as a young man and a young boy, that these were the prayers that we were taught to pray. And we were also taught to pray, if it be thy will, O Lord. Well, if we are walking in the will of God, then surely the things we pray to God, back to God, is the will of God. How can we then say, if it be thy will, O Lord? We need to start cleaning up all of the religious and traditional jargon out of our language and start standing and operating in faith for the things that God has promised us. Too many people are experiencing zero answers to their prayers because of the way they pray. The first principle upon which you begin to open your mouth is faith. The law of faith. When you speak, when that jaw moves, make sure the next thing coming out of your mouth is faith. It is God's good pleasure to bless you. It is God's desire to bless you. But God responds once again to faith. So there is a big difference between talking and talking the talk. And there is a big difference in praying in faith. We need to examine the next time we pray, what is our position we are taking on when we are releasing those words to God. We stand in a position of faith or are we just saying things because this is what we were taught to do, stand on the word and, well, let's just see what happens. That is not the mentality and the faith required to receive the things that you want from God. That word boldly in the text means to be among. It means to be in the middle of and it opens up another revelation that God dropped into my spirit when I was looking at that word. That word boldly means to stand in the midst. We go to Matthew chapter 18 and Jesus takes the little boy that was or the child that was on the outside of the men who had came to him inquiring about who was the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. And I always wondered why Jesus did this, but he took the boy and put him in the midst of them. Jesus took the boy and made him come boldly into the ranks of men. See, back then there was a big differentiation between a child and a man. But Jesus took the child and made him boldly stand amongst men, the men of faith. And this is the revelation that God gave me. That we used to be on the outside as little children looking in, but our true position is to come in the midst of them. We need to stand shoulder to shoulder with them before the throne of grace because through Christ Jesus, we have been given such righteousness and boldness to come in their ranks to pray and speak before God. Your position should never be the place of despair. Your position should never be the place of despair.