Be the place of doubt. Your position should be shoulder to shoulder with the men and women of faith before God. What language then do you communicate to God when you are praying? You are saying to him, I trust you. You are my defender. You are my provider. You are my shield. I am speaking these things because I know that I can get these things from you because you said you will do it for me. And you don't have to feel ashamed in coming to God for the things God has promised you. The Amplified Version of 1 John 3 verses 21 and 22 reads, And beloved, if our conscience, our hearts do not accuse us, if they do not make us feel guilty and condemn us, we have confidence, complete assurance and boldness before God, and we receive from Him whatever we ask because we watch, obey His orders, observe His suggestions and unctions, follow His plan for us and habitually practice what is pleasing to Him. Your conscience has been made clean by what Christ Jesus has done. You should not be under any type of condemnation when you come before God to speak with Him. God requires you to have a firm form of confidence in your life when you are standing before Him, for He is ready, willing and able to give to you that which you ask. If, for any reason, you are standing before the Lord and you lack confidence, then there is an issue of fear. And since fear is not a thing that God has given you, then the fear is obviously of the devil that is still in operation within your life, lying to you about God. This lack of confidence will produce shame and inferiority inside of your life because the fear would have control over what you believe. And we all know that you will experience exactly what you believe. Now, do you believe in faith and experience God's responses or do you speak in fear and have the exact same all of nothing coming right within your life? So what happens if I do have fear? Well, James 1 verses 5 and 6 says, If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God that give it to all men liberally and upbraid it not, and it shall be given him. But let him ask in faith nothing wavering. For he that wavered is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed. So if you lack, you need to ask God. Ask him for the wisdom. Ask him for what is necessary for you to come back into the position of faith. You cannot have faith and doubt in the same space. There should be no form of duality within your life. Also, be careful of drawing logical conclusions. I remember someone said to me one day when I was standing in faith for a particular thing, well, you need to...