Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton Campbell. Today we're going to talk about having peace in the midst of circumstances. We're going to read from Colossians chapter 3 verses 15 and 16. And let the peace of God rule your hearts, to which he also are called in one body, and be he thankful. Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom, teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord. True knowledge of God produces perfect peace within our lives. This knowledge is not the same knowledge as some people would have you believe, where they say, I know my God. But when circumstances arise, that peace and knowledge that's supposed to come from knowing God quickly disappears. When fear seems to dominate your life, this is a classic example of the absence of peace in operation within your life in those particular areas. What you do under pressure determines what exactly is in charge inside of you. The pressure that you experience will reveal the truth about who you really are. Any pressure felt in the face of adversity will either produce a godly response to your situation, or a carnal response to your situation, or what you are feeling. So you will either exercise the peace that God has given you in your situation, or you will exercise the carnality that is living inside of you for that situation. Everybody is Christian until adversity strikes. John 14 verse 27 reads, Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you, not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. A typical example of the world's peace you can find in relationships, where a couple will go tit for tat. If he says something, she will say something. If she says something, he will say something. But yet both of them are supposed to exist in perfect unity and have peace. But because of what lives inside of them, that peace, that worldly peace, is easily put aside for argument's sake. So there is no true peace within that relationship. Jesus says, One of the biggest benefits of the peace that Jesus gives us is that with his peace, there are no effects or negative effects that come with it. In his peace, there is perfect calm and clarity for the situations that are before us. But in the world, their peace is conditional. Their peace comes with fear attached. It's based upon fear that if you do not accept this solution, then these things are definitely going to happen to you. We as Christians know that the peace Jesus has given us comes from God himself. We as Christians know that the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of the peace of