The peace God gives us through Christ Jesus protects us, it protects our mind, it shields us, and it shelters us from fear. In this peace, we have freedom from all ungodly thoughts, from all familiar spirits trying to speak negativity into our lives because we're resting in the peace that Jesus has acquired for us. Whenever the familiar spirits or the negative thinking happens in your life, quickly find scriptures that speak life in that particular situation for your life. Never agree with the familiar spirits. We should always have a psalm, a hymn, and spiritual songs ready to combat any form of attack from the enemy. Psalm 29 verse 11 reads, The Lord will give strength unto his people. The Lord will bless his people with peace. Psalm 37 verse 37 reads, Mark the perfect man and behold the upright, for the end of that man is peace. While it is easy to be offended and have, as they say, your peace disturbed, psalm 119 verse 165 says, Great peace have they which love thy law, and nothing shall offend them. And then Proverbs 14 verse 30 reads, A calm and undisturbed mind and heart are the life and health of a body, but envy, jealousy, and wrath are like rottenness of the bones. Because the Babylonian system of today makes sure there is never an opportunity missed to fill you with fear. It is always trying to keep you on edge with its tactics. But we as Christians know that whenever we are faced with adversity, that we have the perfect peace of God given to us through Christ Jesus. And if we are going to go into battle, then we have to have that mind of Christ that produces this peace and the knowledge of God, that God is faithful towards us in all our circumstances and situations. The victory of your battles starts with the peace you have inside of you. Because in that quietness, in that quiet state, God begins to work. When you move in peace, you cannot remain in the same place that fear had held you bound. You move on to victory in Christ Jesus. Jesus said, These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world you will have tribulation, but be of good cheer. I have overcome the world. God bless you.