Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. I would just like to say happy holidays to everybody. And this is going to be the last podcast for 2022. God willing, in January 2023, we will continue with our podcast series, either on faith, authority, or whatever the Lord has placed upon my heart to move on. Amen. So today we are going to do 101 things God said about your healing. This is Bible verses taken from the Bible, the Old Testament and the New Testament. And we are going to pray this over our lives. If you are requiring healing or if you know somebody that is requiring healing and they need to press upon the covenant of Christ Jesus, the promises of God, then they can use these scriptures to stand on. And even if you are standing in the gap for somebody, these scriptures would definitely help. In the book of James, it says, if there's anybody that is sick of mine, you call the elders, lay your hands upon them, anoint them and heal them. We've been given the power to do so by God, but it requires faith. And we need to mix the things that we are saying with faith so that we can activate the power of heaven in our lives. Paul says, those who were in the desert heard the very same things, but they didn't mix it with faith. So it was of no effect to them. I pray that God has a strong effect in your life as you repeat these scriptures over your life. And as you pray them, you mix it with faith that the desired outcomes, the healing that you are praying for is immediately experienced within your body. In the name of God, the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, God said, I am the Lord that healeth thee. Exodus 15, 26. Your day shall be 120 years. Genesis 3, 6. You shall be buried in a good old age. Genesis 15, 15. You shall come to your grave in a full age like a shock of corn cometh in his season. Job 5, verse 26. When I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you. Exodus 12, verse 13. I will take sickness away from the midst of you and number your days. I will fulfill. Exodus 23, verses 25 and 26. I will not put any of the diseases you are afraid of on you, but I will take all sickness away from you. Deuteronomy 7, verse 15. It will be well with you, and your days shall be multiplied and prolonged as the days of heaven upon the earth. Deuteronomy 11, verses 9 to 21. I turn the curse into a blessing unto you because I loved you. Deuteronomy 23, verses 5. Nehemiah 13, verses 2. I have redeemed you from the sickness of every plague. Deuteronomy 28, and Galatians 3. As your days, so shall your strength be. Deuteronomy 33, verse 25. I have found a ransom for you. Your flesh shall be fresher than a child's, and you shall return to the days of your youth. Job 33, verses 24 and 25. I have healed you and brought you up, your soul from the grave. I have kept you alive from going down into the pit. I am healed you and brought you up, your spirit shall be. I have healed you and raised you, and I have healed you and brought you up, your soul from the grave.