I agree that I am guilty of keeping and not casting down thought suggestions of [topic].

I agree that I made it more important than God, loved it more than God, and preferred it instead of God.

For this idolatry, adultery, and rebellion, I lay my life on the altar of God.

I recognize that [topic] is happening because of agreements, blood covenants, blood contracts, hexes, vexes, interaction with the blood, and satanic ritual agreements. 

For the accusation of this record, I lay my life down on my mother's side (say her full name), and my father's side (say his full name), all the way back to Adam.

I refuse to blame anyone anymore for teaching me a bad habit. I take accountability for what I copied in my own life AND FORGIVE every person who taught me how to serve this master through what they thought, spoke about, or did with actions. If they have repented and I don't know about it, I STILL go through my memories and forgive every way I remembered people the way Jesus doesn't. I forgive them for being irresponsible about the way they have been influenced by the kingdom of darkness against me, themselves, and others besides me.

I ask You Father to forgive me since I have forgiven others. I ask You to judge between me and them so that the judgment is pure and holy. 

I no longer want to serve [topic]. In fact, I am asking for the forgiveness of God on this and for the Blood of Jesus to cover the record and speak instead.

I also ask for a spiritual decree of divorce from this record. I don't have room in my life for you anymore. I cast off of my head the crown of iniquity that had been attached to my head. You are banned from my life, my mind, my heart, and my body.

Father, I ask that you give me the courage and strength to be responsible for every other temptation and accusation that the enemy has against me, so that I too can come to the point where he no longer has any more open accusations against me. I thank you for the people You have put in my life to help me walk out a life of repentance.

In the name of Jesus, Amen
