I think as the group grows it is very important to be in unity about the biblical way to handle any conflict or accusations we may have against a brother or sister. We all are growing and learning and there is no condemnation from the group when we may unintentionally step outside of the will of God in the way we handle ourselves. Although there is no condemnation from us it is important to assess the situation and make sure we are not being blinded in anyway. The thing I love about the leadership of this group is the humility when any sin or appearance of sin is pointed out...

If the accusation has any truth to it, Repentance happens very quickly and then it is settled. I have not ever had to post anything publicly to the group as any issue I've had or had been brought to my attention gets handled with step one.

1. speak with them directly in private and discuss the issue you believe is an issue. Find out if they even are aware of what you may have noticed and be ready with scripture to back up the accusation. There may be innocent ignorance due to something they still need repentance on or YOU need repentance on that is causing offense in your heart.

2. If after the sin is pointed out and it is an accurate accusation and the person continues to blatantly do the same sin...you privately talk to 2 other people in leadership and they also will speak with the accused.

3. If the person has still not repented after being warned privately in 2 separate times, then you publicly bring in the church (the group)

4. if the accused is still not repenting then there needs to be a separation until they get themselves right with God.

If I accuse someone publicly and I have not followed the biblical steps i am being lead by a familiar spirit. 1.private direct discussion/warning/finding context (there could be more to the story than our limited viewpoint 2. A second private direct discussion with the accused bringing along 2 witnesses.

The fruit of the spirit is

Love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, faithfulness and self control

A difference in opinion does not always equal a sin and its important to really pause before jumping to any conclusions or jumping to public shaming. That isn't God's way. Yes, accountibility is important, especially in leadership but it HAS to be done biblically. Even the best of us are not immuned to being pulled off the mark if we're not careful. As the group grows, attack will too. Doesn't mean we have go be scared, im not...just making sure I put what im momentarily passionate about through the holy spirit filter. always be aware, there is a possibility that the kingdom in darkness could possibly be trying to plant a rotten seed in me or the group by mere accusation.

"If your brother sins , go and show him his fault in private; if he listens and pays attention to you, you have won back your brother. But if he does not listen, take along with you one or two others, so that every word may be confirmed by the testimony of two or three witnesses. If he pays no attention to them [refusing to listen and obey], tell it to the church; and if he refuses to listen even to the church, let him be to you as a Gentile (unbeliever) and a tax collector. I assure you and most solemnly say to you, whatever you bind [forbid, declare to be improper and unlawful] on earth shall have [already] been bound in heaven, and whatever you loose [permit, declare lawful] on earth shall have [already] been loosed in heaven. "Again I say to you, that if two believers on earth agree [that is, are of one mind, in harmony] about anything that they ask [within the will of God], it will be done for them by My Father in heaven. For where two or three are gathered in My name [meeting together as My followers], I am there among them." Then Peter came to Him and asked, "Lord, how many times will my brother sin against me and I forgive him and let it go? Up to seven times?" Jesus answered him, "I say to you, not up to seven times, but seventy times seven."
