PLEASE NOTE: THESE PRAYERS ARE TO BE SPOKEN, NOT SIMPLY READ SILENTLY.

On behalf of the sixth generation, on behalf of the seventh generation, on behalf of the eighth generation, on behalf of the nineth generation, on behalf of the tenth generation, on behalf of the eleventh generation, on behalf of the twelfth generation, on behalf of the thirteenth generation, on behalf of the fourteenth generation, on behalf of the fifteenth generation, on behalf of the sixteenth generation, on behalf of the seventeenth generation, on behalf of the eighteenth generation, on behalf of the nineteenth generation, on behalf of the twentyith generation, I agree WE are guilty of allowing scenarios of interacting with [topic], from a root of [associated root].

I agree that WE made it more important than God, loved it more than God, and preferred it instead of God.

For this idolatry, adultery, and rebellion, I lay my life on the altar of God.

I recognize that [topic], from a root of [associated root]; is happening because of agreements, blood covenants, blood contracts, hexes, vexes, interaction with the blood, and satanic ritual agreements because of [associated fruit] with the parent [associated Principality].

For the accusation of this record, I lay down the 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th 18th, 19th and 20th generations.

I refuse to blame anyone anymore for teaching me a bad habit. I take accountability for what my bloodline copied into our lives AND FORGIVE everyone who taught us how to serve this master through what they thought, spoke about, or did with actions. If people from other bloodlines have repented and we don’t know about it, I STILL, on behalf of my bloodline go through our memories and forgive every way we remembered people the way Jesus doesn’t. Representing my bloodline, I forgive them for not capturing every vain imagination and bringing it to Jesus as given in 2 Corinthians 10:3-5, and not warring against people as given in Ephesians 6:12.

I ask You Father to forgive my bloodline since I have forgiven other bloodlines. I ask You to judge between me and them so that the judgment is pure and holy.

I no longer want to serve [topic] or [fruit]. In fact, I am asking for the forgiveness of God on this and for the Blood of Jesus to cover the record and speak instead.

I also ask for a spiritual decree of divorce from this record. We don’t have room in my bloodline for unconfessed records. I cast off of my head the crown of iniquity that had been attached to my head. You are banned from my life, my mind, my heart, and my body.

Father, I ask that you give me the courage and strength to be responsible for every other temptation and accusation that the enemy has against me, so that I too can come to the point where he no longer has any more open accusations against me. I thank you for the people You have put in my life to help me walk out a life of repentance, because of walking in discipleship.

In the name of Jesus, Amen

Placeholders filled from TOPICS-666.txt metadata:
  [topic]              — spirit/topic label (lowercase)
  [associated root]    — root(s) for the topic
  [associated fruit]   — fruit display for the topic
  [associated Principality] — parent principality name
