Attract or find or be caught by another predator. So, some of the conclusions that can be reached is that this is my portion in life. Remember I spoke about it when you're coming into agreement with it, that you just need to settle with this as your lot in life. I had a call when I was on a job. Yeah, I was on the job and we were at lunch and this guy was talking about this lady. He was by the house the weekend and he overheard a say to her husband, you no more love me. And he looked at her and he said, why you say I no more love you? And she said, well you no more hate me anymore. So, obviously you don't love me anymore. And as strange as that sounds, that is the sound of a true victim. Where they have accepted the abuse to the point that they are expecting it and see it as love. So, people who are victims will attract predators. People who are victims will attract poverty because you cannot own your birthright. You cannot own your destiny. You cannot walk in the things of God. You cannot walk in the higher ranks that you are called to walk. Especially if you are born in a family that constantly put you down. Because they never went far. They never excelled. They never got up and did the tough things. They are quick to let you know, based upon their experience of course, that it is not meant for you. So, poverty is never far away from such a person. And because you have this victim spirit and you never stepped out of the boat and you were just comfortable with the oceans battering you left, right and center. Then, what about jealousy? You become jealous and envious of people who do well in life, who excel in life. You can't celebrate their victories. You can't celebrate seeing them making it in life. You have a crab mentality. You always want to pull them down, pull them back into the pot. But, your speech is then affected. Your language, your thinking is perverse and perverted by this victim mentality spirit. You sit amongst the gossipers, gossiping about this person and that person. And you never really mature and become full and successful in your calling. And your jealousy just rages on. It doesn't matter. You could be jealous at another woman. You could be jealous at another man. You could be jealous at the bus driver because they've got a permanent job. Your jealousy knows no bounds. Victim mentality. So, how do we come out of this thing? First of all, God is not a God on survival mode. So, He is not going to just give you that half a loaf of bread so that you survive. God wants you to thrive. God wants you to be a blessing. God wants you to build His kingdom. He wants to partner with you. And He wants you to import life into others. And He wants you to import life into others. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks for your clarification.