Proverbs 19, verse 25 is a very dark passage in the scriptures and it speaks of the time a particular man went into a city to lodge and he met this man on the way and the man said to him, come and stay by my house. He offered the man hospitality and this man had a wife. He went to go fetch his wife because his wife ran away and the men of the city came and said to the owner of the house, we saw you take this man in, bring him out. We would like to have relations with him and the man begged him and said, this is an evil thing. Here's my wife and the man gave, or here's my daughter and the man gave his wife and the men took the concubine and they had intercourse with her and abused her. Listen to that. They abused her all night until the morning and when the dawn began to break, they let her go. These were predators and they were given victims and all they did was had intercourse and assaulted the woman all night. Now in the spiritual warfare context, this particular passage leads to a very high ranking demonic demon that came back into Israel through what happened here and I'm not going to say his name, but anyway, that's how he got back into Israel because it never had a thing like this been seen since they had left Egypt and when this particular man murdered his wife, his concubine, his concubine and cut into 12 pieces and scattered her after she was abused and raped in such a violent manner, this particular demon came back, it was invited back into the camp of Israel or the city of Israel. Every trauma in the cycle of being a victim opens the door to a demon to come and attach itself. This demon will whisper lies, you're not good enough. Nobody wants you, you're not worth it. And it will bring a spirit of fear and it will bring a spirit of intimidation and remember these are literal spirits. The spirit of fear is a literal spirit in spiritual warfare. The spirit of intimidation is a literal spirit and one of the biggest ones is the spirit of hopelessness. Hopelessness. That is a very huge spirit. And the victim mindset, the victim spirit brings these three spirits with it and they become charged up because while you're trying to deal with the victim mentality, you've got to still build the person up. You've got to strengthen them and give them godly resolve so that they are not in fear and still deal with those anxiety issues that they have. So building the person up has to be done in a multi-pronged approach and not just a one size fits all. So what are some of the ways that this victim spirit operates in our lives? It does not know boundaries. Your personal boundaries are always being violated. The predator will consistently come in into your space, violate your space, touch your things, move your things. They will lay claim to your things, things go missing. You are always the one who comes up short. Your boundaries are just never respected. You can suffer abuse. This person, they, either one of them.