Physically hit you, or if you're in a relationship, they want to dominate you sexually, and lead you to do perverse things for them, so they can exercise their dominance over you. So, emotionally, they use every kind of word to tear you down. Whether they're calling you stupid, whether they're calling you a liar, useless, whether they're calling you a dog, whether they're calling you not worth the time of day, they will do this. And spiritually, they will try to keep you away from the house of God, because they know you might be strengthened there. So, they will alienate you and isolate you from godly people. And in this predatory spirit, they will also financially abuse you, take your money, borrow money, don't give you back. They will start living with your money. Start calculating how much money you're going to earn and how much money they're going to spend. And these are behaviors that are consistent with the predatory spirit, pouncing upon a person with a victim spirit. Don't even talk about whether or not you are honored or not. You are most definitely dishonored in every form of way. They would say anything and everything to you, regardless of who's around. And while they are capable of putting up a front in front of other people, like they are this, the bee's knees and the cat's whiskers, like they are visiting the king of England. There's a king now, no longer a queen. Like they are visiting the king of England. They put on this persona of excellence. But when it comes to you, not one thing that you see them doing with other people will be done to you. In a victim mindset, you're the one that's not worthy to do the preaching, not worthy to do the testifying of the word, not worthy to do this, that. Because you don't see yourself worthy. You don't want to pray. You don't want to be standing up there. Because you're worried about the words. You're worried about how people are going to see you. You're not good enough. And they rob you. They rob you from having any joy. But this is also another spirit that comes in. You see, when you become numb, and almost you have like a deadlike state, there is another spirit that needs to be cast out. And only the cross of Jesus can deal with that. Because the Holy Spirit quickens us and brings us back to life. The same spirit that rose Jesus from the dead, that's the one that's going to quicken you and bring you back to life. The predator is very clever in that they are deceiving. They are deceptive. They will let you think that the abuse you're suffering is your fault. And they will constantly want to keep you a victim so they can abuse you to satisfy their satanic and sadistic lust for you. And if you can't tell the difference, that you are actually being abused, you have a victim spirit, that you are trapped, then there's going to be a lot of healing when you eventually do realize it. That needs to be done on your part. And that person may get away with this for years and years before you actually come out of it. So you've got to know, before they train you to believe the lies, you've got to know the word of God and know the truth, so you can discern. So you've got to know the truth and do not allow them to be done.