Break your discernment between lies and truth. They always want the victim to accept the lies as truth as opposed to the truth being the truth. Another coping mechanism or another way a person with a victim spirit operates is that they adopt worldly ideas for their life. They don't have a godly standard. They have a worldly idea. They have a worldly standard. They accept what other people do because they lack a godly standard within their life. And so your potential is then stamped out. It's made null and void. The other person is worthy for healing. You're not worthy for healing because you've got a victim mindset. Well, maybe it's not for me. This is my portion in life. The other person is worthy of the pastor praying for them and people, godly people, hopefully laying hands on them so that they can receive the spirit and speak in tongues and do all these things. And your mindset is, no, it's not for me. No, it's not for me. I don't feel worthy of it. I don't feel like God is going to do anything for me. I pray like everybody else and God doesn't hear me. That is a victim mindset. And the predator, Satan, has got a larger portion in how you think and in how you act and in the decisions you ultimately live by. One of the biggest things a victim can say is when they look at the family that I was born into the wrong family and that I was cursed with this family. You know that saying you can't choose your family and you feel like you just got the wrong family, you were born into the wrong family, you were cursed with this family. That is a victim mindset. Another victim mindset is you think you don't look good enough. Your appearance isn't good enough. Because people are hard on themselves. The world has done a good job in producing a standard for beauty that conforms to this one idea. And we are diverse people. And if we are trying to conform to this secular view of beauty, then we might feel or tell ourselves that we are cursed with our looks. And that is not true because God loved you before the womb. God loved you in the womb. And God himself made you. And if you're still holding on to this victim mindset, then one of the most disappointing things of a victim mindset is that you believe you've got no future. You believe your life is going nowhere. You do the same mundane things day in, day out. It is like your birthright has been sucked away from you. And your destiny has been stolen. While everybody is flourishing, you are just stuck and you complain about everything. It's difficult to talk to you. People will try to... People avoid you. Because they know the first thing that's going to come out of your mouth is a complaint. And the last thing before the goodbye is the last complaint. So when you're looking at your life and you're trying to assess... I mean, if you've made it this far in the podcast. And you're trying to assess whether or not you've got a victim mindset. You can see it in...