They never end this reality of what is happening to them because they're always trying to escape from what is happening to them by these many different things. And we mentioned a few in the beginning, addictions and so on and so forth. Another one is you will not object to being neglected. Being neglected, being second-classed or third-classed or being just completely skipped altogether is fine with you. Because you know what's going to happen and you've spoken it all over your life and you've been through the trauma and you know the drill and you're just going along with the drill. And that is a stronghold of the victim spirit that needs to be dealt with. What about those who get angry or who can't accept a compliment because of the negativity that they used to? And they can actually get offended if you try to pay them a compliment because they might judge you and think you're after them or you want something from them. So before you get them, they get you. That's the victim mentality. If you're living with a predator and you are a victim of this person, well, obviously you're the victim of this person, then your life tends to revolve around this person and trying to make them happy or trying to please them or trying to get something to make them see value in you. But you don't realize that all your efforts are only enabling them to hurt you further. You see, this person hasn't had a revelation of the Lord Jesus Christ. So all of your efforts that you are doing as a victim is only enabling this person to become more powerful and dominant over you. It's giving them more rope to speak, hit, assault you and put you down as a predator. So the more you're trying and do, thinking you're actually going to please this person, you'll find out you're far from the truth because this person is going to stomp on you. There's a particular kind of feeling you also feel when you have this victim spirit in operation inside of your life, this spirit of abuse. You never feel whole and you never feel complete. You always feel like you've been robbed or this person is taking full advantage of you. You have a sense that you've been lied to. When the person tells you, don't worry, nothing's going to happen. Just borrow me what it is they're asking you and you know better, but you can't really act upon better because you're such a people pleaser, you're an enabler and you can't get to the words no. You feel like you cannot get away from your circumstance or situation or the people around you and that even if you did, nothing will change. You're constantly angry. You're angry at the people who hurt you. You're angry at yourself for being hopeless and helpless. And you want to, you don't want to be the victim. So in your mind, you always have this fantasism.