That's going, it's going. It is leaving you. And you forgive them as hard as it is. Whether the person is dead, whether the person is alive, you write that letter. And you express what was happened. Whether your dad was around, he wasn't around, abandoned you, your mom abandoned you, abused you. You have to forgive. Regardless of what you think of them, you have to forgive them. So your mind can start being renewed from a place that it is not hurt anymore. Because you are having this inner healing and this process that the Holy Spirit is leading you to, to expose the lies that they told you. And now you're going to speak your truth. You will say, I know you lied to me. The truth is this, that to the third. And I believe the truth. Ultimately, it's the truth that's going to set you free. And when you've released them and you renewed your mind, set up your boundaries. Learn the word no. Learn the words I'm busy. Learn the words I really don't have time. Learn the words no. Learn the words no. Learn the words no. Learn to endure the awkward silence and stares. Because once you've put your boundaries in place, people start pulling away from you. And the minute you can stand up for yourself, people stop liking you. And it's okay if people don't like you because you've got boundaries. It just meant they never respected you in the first place. Then also do not tolerate disrespect. Because you need to be built up in the things of God. You are worthy of respect. And people should start treating you with respect. You don't have to be rude about it. You can politely let them know you will not be disrespected like that. And if they don't know how to speak to you. And if they don't know how to speak to you, it's okay if they don't ever speak to you again. Now you're taking back your authority. As you honor people, they should honor you. They shouldn't expect you to honor them with birthday parties and gifts and this and that and all of that. Not that you want it, but it's nice to have and receive. It shows love and acceptance and appreciation. But people should honor you. And even if they don't honor you, but they show you respect, that is still honor in itself. Then sit with scripture. And find scriptures that remind you of the love of God in your life. Because that's your true reality. Your true reality is that God loves you. That's the true reality. God wants to bless you. And as you progress, find love for your ministry. Ask the Holy Spirit what it is that you can do in the house of the Lord. Step out of the boat and walk on the water. Take a leap of faith. Draw from those who are willing to teach you. Grab that anointing. Help others around you. Be a blessing. Bring back your values. Start with God's values first. And as you start with God's values, push out all of the worldly values. Everything you saw, Beyonce do. And whoever's famous in your country do. And what you saw on TV and you adopted it because you never had proper structure.