Then you are definitely suffering from a victim mindset and you need to come out of being oppressed by other people who hold you back, put you down and who circumvent your blessings in your life. I recall working with someone and I was trying to work with them and this victim mentality, this victim mindset was such a strong tower that light barely got through and even the light that did get through wasn't enough to change the mind. You know you are in a really bad state when you start agreeing with the enemy, you start agreeing with the devil, you start saying things like, well this is my lot in life and this is my portion and maybe it's meant for me to have this this way as opposed to what the word of God says. When you come into agreement with the enemy, you then completely shut out the work of the cross for your life. You completely shut out the assistance God is prepared to offer and give to you because you are coming into agreement with the enemy. And when the enemy has a signed covenant with you to say that this is your lot, this is your portion, then nobody will be able to assist you until you change, until you allow the word of God to come into your heart and into your mind and repent and ask Father God for forgiveness for the agreements that you made with the enemy. You will lose your value, you will lose your dignity, if you embrace a victim mindset, if you embrace the victim spirit, you will be treated like a dog. You will be unimportant and be okay with being unimportant. Yet, God has a specific role, he has a specific place for you and he has a specific assignment which requires you to get up and get into the things of God. But because of the mindset and the fear that comes with it, the stronghold of fear, that fear grip, you are now afraid to move into the things that God would want you to move into. And if this bullying, if this victim mindset, if this traumatic experience started at a very young age, then the rest of your life, if this is not addressed appropriately, it's going to hamper your maturity, it's going to hamper your development, it's going to hamper your progress, it's going to hamper your finances, it's going to hamper your relationships, it's going to hamper every aspect of your life because that victim spirit attracts predators. And when the predators come, the lies and the deception and the people that use you and abuse you and treat you as nothing, they show up. And they will use you for everything that you have, as long as you can give, as long as they can put you down, as long as you don't talk back, as long as you don't stand up, they will always be in your life because that's what a predator does. A predator will devour that which is in front of them. If it's edible, they are going to eat it. If it's not fighting back, if it's not resisting, they see it as an easy meal. And you allow people then to be predators in your life. And this is going to stop you from coming into your full potential.