Your finances, the men of God who serve God, didn't struggle for finances. Well, not all of them. They didn't struggle for finances. Abram was rich. And your relationships, you always seem to attract the wrong one. Never the right one. It's always the wrong one that is attracted to you. The same abuse you suffered in that relationship is the same abuse you're suffering in this relationship. You can't excel at work. You don't seem to be offered the promotions. Even if you are in ministry, your ministry is going nowhere. If you are cleaning the church for the last 20 years, that's where you've been stuck. You don't have the desire to do anything more, even though you see it, but you don't believe it's for you. And then you will always, always settle for less. Even if God says you'll have daily bread, you're the one that says it's better to have a half a loaf of bread. You cut the things God would give you gladly and freely with this kind of mindset. You have no joy. And you're constantly being dishonored and disrespected. And maybe you've even developed that attitude that you disrespect others. Before they get you, you get them. That's the spirit of rejection. And when God has called you to walk in the fullness of the dominion, in fullness of the dominion, you say, No, Lord, this talent you gave me, let me just bury it until such time you return. That's a victim mindset, that. And so some of the traits and some of the characteristics then also show, aren't you the one always going for operations, losing money, always getting into accidents, always hurting yourself, always having this suicidal thought, this self-destructive way of life. And you never seem to get justice in your life. The people always get away with the things they do to you. That's a victim mindset. And eventually you get to the point where it's okay, it's just part of life, it's okay. That's life. Murphy's Law. We chuck it down to things like Murphy's Law. The people you expect to help you never help you in the way you want to be helped. If they help you, it's always going to be this half-baked, half-cooked style that you get no joy or satisfaction from. Or you've got friends who will constantly take your money. I know we've been through this, but we've got to see. You can't grab a hold of your finances. You're on credit cards. You're broke. You're always borrowing. Money lenders are never far from you. Loans are never far from you. You always have emergencies that drain your money. That's a victim mindset, that. Not even a victim mindset. That's just the spirit of the victim in operation, inside of you. There's always some crisis around the corner. Just when you think, oh, I'm going to balance out today. I'm going to balance out this month. Something crops up. Worst off, if you've got a partner, all they want to do is just violate you. They watch pornography and they expect you to...