Do those things they saw in pornography. Or, on the other hand, as a man, because men also suffer from this, the woman just only wants to use you for your money. Think of it this way here. The way Matthew puts it in Matthew 7 verse 6, how he describes what happens to a victim. He says that, Matthew 7 verse 6 says, Do not give that which is holy a sacred thing to the dogs, dogs or predators, and do not throw away your pearls before hogs, lest they trample upon them with their feet, and turn and tear you in pieces. You that is trying to be nice to people who you should really be telling to get lost, So, the victim spirit is a way of looking at life, that unknowingly, it's like a self-fulfilling prophecy, you unknowingly attract all of your abusers. That is the job of the victim spirit, is to constantly put you in a position, in a place where you are going to be abused. While God says that, you are holy, you are set apart, you are precious. And God has warned these predators not to touch the anointed, but if you are in agreement with your enemy, how then must God work for your life? Isn't it one of the most humiliating things when you see people disgracing themselves? Don't care anymore, because of the trauma that they've been through. And even though they're critical of themselves, and they know what's wrong, but they just don't care. And as a result, passers-by or other people will gossip about them, and shame them. And with today's technology, people have got no problem in recording the video, and just dishonoring somebody on the internet for likes and views. That person that is acting out, is screaming for help. And that victim spirit needs to be cast out. They need to be taught the truth, so that cycle can break. But because of the victim spirit and that I don't care attitude, they are humiliated further. You can't be a people pleaser. That's another trait of the victim spirit. But you are a people pleaser. You want everybody to be happy, like it's your job to make other people happy. It's not your job, it's just the victim spirit. If you have that need and compulsion, if you're in company to be the clown and to make everybody happy, that's the victim spirit. You need to learn how to hold your peace, be still, and know that God is good. But unfortunately, for many people who have this victim spirit, they tend to suppress the pain, ignore it, pretend like it doesn't exist, find themselves in fantasy worlds, or they bury themselves in things, in hobbies, online games.