Kick all that out. See what matters to God. See what matters to Jesus and make that matter to you. Then you'll be given God power in your life and you'll be taking away power from the devil from your life. And you'll be able to change things more when you start living by the Word of God. The Word of God is Shabbat, the two-edged sword. It's a discerner of the heart. It's a discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart. So as you see the Word in, you expect a godly harvest of the Word. Don't let no one rob you of your joy. Be in the house of the Lord. Be under the anointing. If you know people who are killjoys and don't go back there. Dog returns to its vomit. Don't go back there. Start cutting people who are killing your joy. If they can't add value to your life, if you are a dumpster for them, don't invite them over. There are places you need to go to that they cannot come with you because they're not on your level as you are now progressing out of the victim mentality. And ask God to show you your full dominion so that you can walk in it. Speak blessings over your life. Cancel every negative word, negative prayer, negative prophecy. Cancel it. Consecrate your life back to God in all of these. Everything that He wants you to do, you do it. Then spend time praising worship. Spend time just enjoying praising God for loving you. Spend time listening to some sermons that pick you up. Not mega past the sermons. Fluff now. Sound doctrine sermons of course. And pursue your blessings. Pray for them. And ask God to send you the things, the people, your community. Ask Him to send them to you, the godly people. And know that you can never actually repay God back. But everything He did for you, He did it in love when He sent His Son. And then, most importantly, above everything, and obviously not above God, you must take responsibility for your own self. As an adult, if you're listening to this as an adult, you are responsible for the outcomes of your life. And you cannot stay in pain that is disabling. You need healthy emotions and your emotional tank needs to be filled up. But it's your responsibility to prevent others from draining their emotions from you. And it's your responsibility to fill it up daily with the word of God, praise and worship. And not through jealousy, envy, and all those other things that a victim mindset does, looking over the fence at what other people have and what you don't have. You're clawing and fighting your way to come back. So it's going to be a journey. It's going to be a process. You're going to have to start shedding people. And there might be new people that are coming into your life. And the new people need to be scrutinized that they are not secretly predators. Because you do get sheep in wolves' clothing. Now let that sink in. So we're just going to trust God. As you write your letters, you give up all of the pain and the suffering. And you give it over to God in prayer. And you speak your truth to Him. And you just let go. Don't ask God, why me? Why me? That is a victim mentality. Thank God that your time has come as you listen to this podcast to be set free. And we're just going to thank God for everything that He has done.