And He wants you to grow. And He wants you to be like that city on a hill that cannot be hidden. And so we have to understand that we've got kingdom objectives built into us by God. And we need to first know what are our kingdom objectives. But before we can get onto that we have to start forgiving people. So probably one of the biggest hurdles we face is releasing people from the trauma that caused us. And you might have a list of people. Your list might extend to the person that dug the grave for your cousin who was shot somewhere because they didn't dig it deep enough or it wasn't to your taste. Just depends on how far you see problems in everything. It just depends. So I'm asking you first of all to go back and pray and ask the Holy Spirit to help you to bring back to remembrance all the times you were hurt, traumatized, sexually assaulted, victimized by people in your life. You can start with your great-grandpa, grandpa, mom, dad, caregivers, foster caregivers, boyfriends, girlfriends, girlfriends, family members, teachers, church people. However long your list is. And individually write them a letter. And take your time because this is your journey. This is your process. There's nothing that needs to be rushed about it. Because you find that as you are writing, Holy Spirit will show you things and bring things to remembrance. Because you're going to obviously pray for us to resurface things you have buried. And I know people have an issue with bringing up things they've buried. Being buried doesn't mean that it's put to rest. It just means there's skeletons that can come out of the grave at any time. You have to completely and utterly destroy it. It shouldn't even have a skeleton to remind you of the trauma. When you do think of the trauma, after you've been healed, the pain of it is not as severe. And at some point you might even just laugh at it and think of it as silly or something that you've survived and nothing can ever break you. Write the list and forgive your people. Forgive them. Forgive the guy who had the courage, the guy who punched you, the girl who punched you, broken, stolen, hurt you, abused you, used you, the family members that were mean to you. Write your letters, write your truth and forgive them. Say in the letter, I forgive you. When you do this, you start breaking down the strongholds of the enemy inside of your life. Because after you write, I forgive you, you say, Lord Jesus, come and take this pain that I feel, this anger, this bitterness, this resentment towards this person. I forgive them. I release them. In the name of Jesus, I'm asking you now to come and take and loose it from me now. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I give this pain to you. And as you say that, and whether you cough, gag, burp, don't stop. Cough, gag, burp.