Thoughts to me, O God, how vast is the sum of them. If I could count them, they would be more in number than the sand. When I awoke, could I count to the end? I would still be with you. As you can see from the scriptures, God has no plan for us to be victims of anything. He's given us dominion from the start, from the days of Adam, and then through Christ Jesus. He's given us absolute dominion. But the devil wants to come and steal, kill and destroy that which is still. But the devil wants to steal, kill and destroy and break us to the point that we become victims and we become submissive to him rather than to God. Once a person has been traumatized or victimized to the point of breaking, their thinking becomes polluted. They develop false conclusions and convictions. It's like somebody who believes something in their mind that they perceive as truth. But it's not truth. It's just a perception in their mind. And then they go off physically on what they think. But they cannot really substantiate or give proof or evidence or point to a fact or point in time about what they are speaking about. And if they can't. And if they can't. And if they can't get this out, then various behaviors are exhibited. Illicit behaviors. Things like overeating. Lying. Some people are then prone to become violent. They have chemical abuse. And we know that that is just drug addictions. Alcohol abuse. Some people become sexually perverse. Some people become sexually perverse. They develop phobias. They develop phobias because of this victim spirit. You're afraid of this. You're afraid of that. You're afraid to go there. You're afraid to go there. You're afraid to try this. You're very reclusive. Or alternatively, there's excessive spending to help compensate. Or there's also just a lack of effort in anything that you want to do. Whether it be at work. Whether it be in your own business. At home. And this is all part of that victim spirit that is in operation within your life. Now you understand that. Or you should understand. Or at least try to understand that. Your wounds that you experience. They're either wounds that are done intentionally or unintentionally. Unintentional wounds are normally caused by insensitive people who would just say things. And you would get hurt unintentionally by what was said. And then intentional wounds are wounds directly targeted at you. This person is coming at you. Now if you do not have the emotional capacity. The emotional maturity. To deal with what has gone on. Then you're going to become a victim. Or you will remain a victim of the circumstances. The traumatic circumstances you are going through. And as a result. The patterns you develop in your life. Will always be victim mindset patterns. You will keep these patterns alive. Until by the power of Jesus Christ. The power of the Holy Spirit. These patterns are broken over your life. If your life is only continually shaped by the people who are oppressing you.