You're the hero. You're the hero in the football game. You're the hero rescuing people from the building. You always have these hero fantasies. That is a clear indication of a victim mindset. For men, one of the worst things that can happen to a man is being disrespected by his family. You work hard, you provide, you come home and you are disrespected. And you don't speak up about the disrespect that you're receiving. And that is also a victim mindset because as a man, while you have a responsibility to provide, you are also the head of the house. And that doesn't mean you're going to be this misogynist. No, it means that as head of the house, men receive respect better than they receive love. So when you are respected, then you have value because you feel the acceptance of your family. But when you are disrespected, then you have this victim mentality coming in. And that can lead to other doors opening, like dipping and dabbing in places you shouldn't be busy in. What's that saying? A man who's put in the doghouse soon finds himself in the cat house? Yep. I'm just going to meander a little bit here. In the realm of the spirits, demons communicate to each other. They are very good at linking people who shouldn't be together. And they put them together. And they can cause strong feelings inside of a person. Sometimes you hear a person say, the Lord told me. The Lord didn't tell you anything. It is your own soulishness that you are listening to when you listen to your soul and not your spirit. And think your soul is your spirit. It is your own soulishness, your own desires that make you think the Lord told you to. But these familiar spirits are actually creating desires inside of the body. That make it feel and seem like it is the right thing that you are doing. And they have this capability of linking you with the wrong people in life. These are called familiar spirits. And they work in unison to tear and bring you down. So for the victim, the familiar spirit will attract predators. It's like a deer. Regardless of what a deer does, as long as it's in the field, predators will always come after the deer. Until that deer either dies or is eaten, it will always be on the lookout for predators. And even if that little deer manages to escape one lion, there's another lion somewhere waiting, or a cheetah, or a puma, or a mountain lion, or whatever predator you have in your country, waiting to get at it. And it's the same with relationships. You get out of one only to...