Good day everyone and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to have a look at a spirit that is in operation in many people's lives. The spirit is prevalent in families. It is prevalent in people who are orphans, people who are rejected, people who don't fit into society's norms. And these people often become victims and as a result they pick up a victim spirit, a victim mindset. And they are often preyed upon by others and they are targeted, especially if you look in the circles of bullies and how bullies target those who have a victim mindset. And today we're going to look at and expand upon the concept of the victim mindset and what the victim spirit is and how it operates inside of a Christian. And not only a Christian but also those who are under heavy oppression by people, by governments and by circumstances and so on and so forth. So today we're going to go and just open this up real wide to see if we ourselves are affected by this victim mentality. The devil never plays fair but he does play for keeps and you find that people who have this victim mindset or victims are always pounced upon by people who don't play fair. They will use dirty tricks and tactics to undermine whatever this person that they are trying to hurt is doing. And so the devil is looking to get a greater portion inside of that person. Now whether it is generationally this victim mentality is coming from the parents and the grandparents or whether it is through some type of trauma, if you were S-Aid or social injustices or just friends who betray you continuously or being around people who are false all the time towards you. This ultimately opens up a stronghold for the devil to get a foothold inside of you and when he enters he refuses to leave. But God has put measures in place for you and I to help us so that we can combat the issues of the devil. In Psalm 16 verse 5 and 8 it says, The Lord is my chosen and my assigned portion, my cup, you hold and maintain my lot. Speaking of God, the lions have fallen for me in pleasant places. Yes, I have a good heritage. I will bless the Lord who has given me counsel. Yes, my heart instructs me in the night seasons. I have set the Lord continually before me because he is at my right hand and shall not be moved. And then Psalm 22 verse 9 to 11 says, Yet you are he who took me out of the womb. You made me hope and trust when I was on my mother's breast. I was cast upon you from my very birth. From my mother's womb you have been my God. Be not far from me for trouble is near and there is none to help. And Psalm 139 verses 17 to 18 says, How precious and weighty are you.