Another loaf of bread, those last two pennies could have bought her oil, but instead she sowed it and she let go of it. And Jesus said to his disciples, that woman gave the most. That she had, the last two that she had, that was more precious than all the money that the men were giving out of the abundance that they had. Again, what has been revealed? Is the idolatry. That which you consider as precious, that which you consider as invaluable to you, that becomes your idolatry. And Jesus is saying, sow that, so that you may get rid of the idolatry that is within your life and give cheerfully so that when you are measured, you are measured to found, not lacking, but God can bless you in the abundance that you sowed with the God's attitude that you gave with. So Jesus speaks and he says in Mark 10 verse 29 to 30, and Jesus answered and said, verily I say unto you, there is no man that had left house or brethren or sisters or father or mother or wife or children or lands for my sake and the gospels. But he shall receive a hundredfold now in this time, houses and brethren and sisters and mothers and children and lands with persecutions and in the world to come eternal life. 2 Corinthians 9 verse 6 reads, in the amplified version, remember this, he who sows sparingly and grudgingly will also reap sparingly and grudgingly. And he who sows generally, that is, that blessings may come to someone who also reap generously with blessings. And another scripture says, he who doesn't have, it will be taken away from them. That is perhaps one of the most scariest scriptures I've ever come across in the Bible. Because here is the lie that the scripture is trying to reveal to you, that your life in itself is a seed. And when you sow your life as a seed to God, then you will definitely reap a harvest. Seed is not always material things. Seed is not always money. But seed is your life. And then another thing, you have the word of God. It doesn't cost money. The word of God is free. You open your scriptures, you meditate on it. You always have something to seed. And that scripture is saying, to the one who always says, I haven't got, even from you, it will be taken. Be careful that we do not lose what God has sown inside of us, which is the sacrifice of his son, which is the word that he has given to us, and which is our life that we can also give in service to him. There is no such thing as a Christian that doesn't have. The very breath that we draw will testify against us that we had life, but we didn't sow it as we should have sown it as the son sowed it, because he was the perfect example for us. God loves a cheerful giver. And if you don't have finances and all of those other things that people have to sow, sow your life. Sow it daily. Seed it. Help others where you can. God loves a cheerful giver. God will not ignore you. God will see your good deeds. God will see your works. And then he will reply. And he will respond. Because what you do in faith and in service