That he loves a cheerful giver. He does not take or prizes somebody who is a reluctant and generally is just a miser in their giving. When God speaks of the word as seed, he is speaking to your harvest that you will reap from your sowing. So we'll just do a little quick sidebar on the issue of sowing. The cheerfulness of your heart reflects and shows God something that you probably won't hear much about in church or if you have, praise be to God. But it shows in your heart that you do not have idolatry. And this idolatry is idolatry over money. When we consider money more important or holding on to money and things more important than the goodness of God and God's giving and sow and his personal sowing to us, then we have a stronghold of idolatry. And giving is actually a test to see how much idolatry you have inside of you. This was a shocker to me that giving was actually a gauge. And the gauge was to see just how much was inside of me. I remember the rich young ruler when he came to Jesus and Jesus said, sell everything. And yes, there are many sermons around it and many other explanations. But one of the biggest things Jesus was showing this rich young ruler was that you have idolatry within your life. And the things that you cannot let go of are the things that you place above God. So your desire to follow me wherever I go is not actually a true reflection of what is inside of your heart. You see, that rich young ruler, he should have been the 13th disciple because Jesus said to him, follow me. The rich young ruler was under such tremendous pressure when Jesus told him, sell everything and follow me, that he reverted back to his carnal based ways, that he could not get rid of his idolatry and that he could not follow the word. He was happy with all of his little traditions that he was doing and he qualified himself by those traditions. And Jesus didn't say anything negative about him. Jesus was quite pleased that he followed the traditions quite successfully. But his true attitude was exposed and the idolatry within his heart was revealed. And he had turned away from the word and went back to his possessions. Psalms 126 verses 5 and 6 reads, I believe the rich young ruler had this opportunity of Psalms 126 where he could have sowed his precious seed. But he didn't know that he would come again rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him, that he would have saved his own life, that he would have had much more than what he had sowed in the first place. This is a stark comparison to the woman who had her last pennies inside of her pocket and she put it inside of the offering box. Jesus said that woman gave the most. Those last two pennies. Jesus said that woman gave them back to his little recognizing. The poor man gave the angel to grow.