Other people who have not participated in what they have. Some may be functioning adults and some may be dysfunctional as an adult. I said in the previous podcast that God cannot be fooled. Galatians chapter 6 verse 7 in the Amplified reads, Do not be deceived and deluded and misled. God will not allow himself to be snared at, that is scorned, disdained, or mocked by mere pretensions or professions or by his precepts being set aside. He inevitably deludes himself who attempts to delude God. For whatever a man sows, that and that only will he reap. It is interesting to take note that the word says that and that only he will reap. Sometimes people have got negative confessions and professions over their lives and they are surprised and they're stunned when all they ever receive within their lives is negative things happening to them. They make confessions like, oh, well, I know, you know, that just won't happen for me. And when it doesn't happen for them, they are quite stunned that it didn't happen for them. Well, the word of God says that and that only is what you are going to receive. Your words are very important. You sow your words into the atmosphere. You sow your words into your circumstances. And the word of God says that we overcame the devil with the blood of Jesus and by our confessions, the things we confess are very critical and important because they will keep us defeated or they will keep us victorious. If we look at what Job chapter 4 verse 8 says, Even as I have seen, they that plough iniquity and sow wickedness reap the same. The same with Genesis chapter 1 verse 12. And the earth brought forth grass and herb yielding seed after its own kind. So you cannot expect something that is not in line with the word of God if you keep speaking negative things over your life. If you keep confessing that the situation will never change and 20, 30 years you're in the same situation, check your confession. Check your lifestyle and see if you are following the commands of God. One of the biggest barriers we face in having things not going our way in life is having a negative attitude. This negative attitude stands as a stronghold over your life and it influences every thought that you have because people with negative attitudes generally have a negative outlook over every situation in their life. And when bad happens, guess what they say? I knew it was going to happen. But the word of God in 2 Corinthians verse 6 and 7 says, As he has made up in his own mind and purposed in his own heart, not reluctantly or sorrowfully or under compulsion. For God loves, that is, he takes pleasure in prizes above other things and is unwilling to abandon or to do without a cheerful, that is a joyous, prompt to do it giver, whose heart is in his or her giving. Your attitude will determine what you receive. God sees.