Today's sponsor for this podcast is Whisperskincare.com. Integrated bodywork, customized massages to relieve muscle aches and pains, increase your flexibility and range of motions. Other services include facials that is fighting the effects of aging, improve skin's elasticity, lift and sculpt your face, neck and décolleté and much more. Contact Whisperskincare.com. Whisperskincare.com. Helping both male and female improve their lives. And another big shout out goes out to Norman and Tanisha Miller who have sponsored this podcast. They are from the YouTube channel Repentance 101, The Millers. Good day and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host, Ashley. Today we're going to continue with a series called Building Faith. Today we're going to look at the Word of God as seed. And we're going to see what the Word of God calls itself in the Bible and how we should use the Word of God in the Bible when we are praying and asking God to assist us and help us with our prayers and petitions. Mark chapter 4 verse 26 and 27 reads, At some point we've all heard the saying that you cannot get oranges from an apple tree. And this is also true with the Word of God in that if you want healing, you go to the Scriptures of Healing because the Scriptures of Healing produces the results that you require with your faith. If you want success within your life or if you want to be a standard of living that is higher than the rest, just the quality of life, I'm not necessarily talking about having material things, but having the things that would make you more happy, then you would sow those particular Scriptures within your heart and you would meditate on those Scriptures by faith and with faith and you will allow those Scriptures then to manifest the things you've been asking God for. That could be answers to a problem, solutions. That could be peace within your home. That could be a happy life for your kids. You're just praying over and blessing and protecting your children and keeping them safe through prayer. It's like a child who wants to be academically accepted in life. They would then go to school, they would get good grades, they would go on to college or university, they would pass and they would join the academic field. They sowed that which they wanted inside of them at a young age and now they are reaping the harvest of it. The same is also with kids who don't want to succeed in life. They will sow things inside of them that will make them dysfunctional. They will procrastinate, they will take drugs, they will stop alcohol, experimenting with all the social ills and by the time they've become an adult, they are unable to function in a capacity that keeps them at the same level as others.