We're not allowed to ask their parents' questions. So we got information bits, so I got information bits and pieces through various people. And I started engaging the family in the dialogue. And I said, let's have this discussion. Then I found out, hey, wait a minute. My granny is not from South Africa. She is from the former colony, Lorenzo Marx. She was an orphan. She was abandoned with her two sisters. I don't know of any brothers that she had. And she moved to South Africa later on. And that, like I had mentioned, my mother's people were also doing their business according to their culture and their traditions. And my granny had learned this. And she had also practiced this. And I didn't know all of this. And I looked at the history of my dad. And when he told me his history, I was stunned. Because I knew my dad from the time I was born. So I didn't know what his life was previously. And when I had did my family tree, my generational tree, and I had listed all of the problems, I began to see the patterns that we inherited in and through our family bloodlines. And so I slowly began to address those issues. It was not easy. Not many people speak accurately on this topic. And as I did, I then managed to start breaking the curses that were over my life. The pains in my legs. The pains in my upper body. The rejection. The near success mentality. God was very instrumental in showing me through dreams what I had to look at, where I had to go, and how I had to address these issues. Because I asked him, I said, Lord, I need to know why am I suffering like this? This is not the will and plan for my life from you. And he began to show me, and I was obedient to an extent. Some days I would have reactions that I'd say to myself, I need to take a week off or I need to take two weeks off before I come back and start addressing this. So far, I think I must have gotten rid of issues in the region of maybe 60 to 70. And I lived with these things. And I thought it was just normal. And when they had left me, when they had gone, when they had been broken, when they had been silenced, then I realized that there's a different me. I actually had more control over my impulses. And my impulses were no longer the negative impulses that I would have. And even my conversation about myself changed. I no longer had a negative outlook on who I was because I had addressed all these influences that have been dominating my life over the past 40 years.