Just continually spread within the family. And that is a pattern of self-inflicted generational curses where the lies become so bent in the family that everybody in the family just starts telling lies. So we see Joseph's sons were all not holy. Reuben slept with his mother's maid, his father's concubine. And his brothers Simon and Levi went to go kill the man that raped their sister. They killed an entire tribe. They committed murder. They deceived the men. And Jacob was worried that there will be a retaliation. We also see that Judah, he slept with Tamar. Tamar was in the roadway and she presented herself as a prostitute. And we know out of the tribe of Judah comes Christ Jesus. And Dan is considered a servant. He is considered the one who came up with the plan to get rid of Joseph. And so we see when Jacob was dealing with them now, he wanted to tell them the future and he wanted to make them aware of what's going to happen. So it was time for him to bless them or curse them. So for Reuben he said, and for Reuben before the curse he said, that Reuben is his might, is his strength, excellency of dignity, excellency of power. These were the things Reuben was before. Jacob had pronounced a curse over him. Then Jacob said to him, unstable as water. This is mental issues. This is indecisiveness. Thou shalt not excel. And that's pretty straightforward. Even if he had all the necessary skills in life, he was not going to make it. Because he went into his father's bed. For Simon and Levi, because they had committed murder, he called them the instruments of cruelty and their habitations. Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce. He cursed their anger. Their wrath was cruel. And he divided them in Jacob and in Israel. So before the nation of Israel had been established, a curse had already been spoken over the brothers Levi and Simon. And we can see that once they had left Egypt and were nearing the promised land, that we see that these curses were reversed. In the book of Deuteronomy, chapter 33, we see Moses reversing some of the curses. For Reuben, he said, let Reuben live and not die, nor his people be few. So finally, the curse of Jacob had been lifted off the Reubenites. After 400 years, being in Egypt, and now at the doorstep of the promise of God. So Judah, he said, bless all Judah's skills. So we can see that Moses had blessed all of the tribes. Some say Simeon wasn't blessed, but in the blessing of Israel, Simeon was blessed. The tribe of Simeon was later absorbed by Judah.