Family members who have committed murder. And the list is endless. We can go on with the list, but these are just some of the things that you can put on your list if you want to do a comparison chart with you against your family and see just how far you have come in life and what the strongholds are for your family. So we're going to look into scripture and see where these curses came from, how they entered into the bloodline. We're going to see what disruptions they have caused. You may not be reaching your full potential because some of these generational curses have not been repented of. One of the biggest telltale signs that there's a generational curse that is in operation in your life is when you are constantly overlooked for positions, you are constantly overlooked for opportunities, you are constantly in a space of rejection. And you have the degrees, you have the capabilities, you have the knowledge, but the opportunities never seem to manifest for you. Even with your dating life, you find yourself being rejected. Relationships don't last long. You, in a three-month honeymoon period in this relationship, and then the next three months, things just fall apart. And it's consistent, it's relationship after relationship after relationship, then you're going to have to go back and look at your family history. You're going to have to look at what exactly is causing you to have such consistent failure on a daily basis that you think that there's maybe something wrong with myself. So we're going to use scriptures and we're going to unlock these mysteries. And if you stick with me and stay for the journey, then hopefully we will remove all of these blockages away from your life. We take it for granted that the mishaps of life are just the everyday workings of life. But nothing ever really happens to you in the physical before it happens to you in the spiritual. You've got to ask yourself, is this heaven's will for my life? Is the struggles you're currently going through really the will of God for my life? Or is there something else that is working against me that I need to address in the spiritual realm so that I can get my life back on track to where God wants me to be? So I'm going to share a brief testimony of my life. When I was young, my parents had split up and got divorced. So I never had the opportunity of living with a mother and a father together. And I lived with my gran for a while while my mother lived in another area. And eventually I went to go live with my mother. I went to school. I got decent grades. After I had finished grade 12, I started experiencing some pains in my legs and I didn't understand why I was experiencing pains. I was a young man. I gymmed. I went jogging. In school I played sports. And I just shrugged it off as...