Ruli evil, that is our tongue. The second person I want to look at is Abraham. God told Abraham he must leave the land which his father was living in, and he must go to where God sends him. In Abraham's journey, he met a king. The king's name was King Abimelech. And Abraham lied about Serebine, his wife. And God came to King Abimelech in a dream, and he said, look, you are in trouble here. And King Abimelech said to the Lord, what I did, I did out of the integrity of my heart. I didn't really do this with nasty intentions. So God gave him instructions on how to receive Abraham. And he told him, do not say anything good. Do not say anything bad. And while I was thinking about this, I realized that if King Abimelech said anything good, then he was condoning Abraham's actions. And if he said anything bad, then he was coming against God's promises on Abraham's life, where he said, I will bless those that bless you, and I will curse those that curse you. So God said to him, say nothing. After he had released Abraham and his wife, Abraham then waited for the promise of God to have a son. His first son that he had was Ishmael. And his second son he had was Isaac. Ishmael was a torment to Isaac. So God told Abraham that he needs to do what his wife has commanded him to do. And his wife said, Ishmael must go. God bless Hagar and Ishmael. Then Isaac, who was the promised son, also had a wife later on in life. And he did the same lie, said the same lie that his father said. Then Isaac had two sons by his wife. And his wife helped Jacob to deceive Isaac. And Jacob and the wife lied to Isaac. And Isaac blessed Jacob. And Jacob fled. And he met Rachel. And he wanted to marry Rachel. And so Laban said to him, you've got to work seven years for my daughter. And he did. But Laban was deceptive to Jacob. Now Jacob was a deceiver. He deceived his father for the blessing. And he was helped by his mother. Now Laban deceived Jacob. And instead of him marrying Rachel, he woke up in the morning and found he had married Leah. And eventually he had sons. And his sons were also liars except for Joseph. And when they went home, they had taken the coat and they had stained it with blood. And they told their father a lie. And they said to their father, oh, you know, this is what we found. We don't know what happened to him. So they lied. So from the lie of Abram, it bent Abram, it then went and it bent Isaac. It bent Jacob further and it bent his sons even further. That it's... That it's...