I greet you in the wonderful name of Jesus. Hello to you all. My name is Ashton Campbell and this is my very first podcast and I'd like to welcome every single one of you. Thank you very much for tuning in. Today's subject is going to be on generational curses. Generational curses is not something that you often hear about in church settings and church sermons because it deals with very touchy and sensitive issues that people struggle with and most people are not even aware that there could be generational curses in operation within their lives. Whether it's positive or whether it's negative, whether it's direct or indirect, each parent, guardian or master has had a hand in our existence today. Your bloodline is either one-fold with promises and blessings and things are going well for you or one-fold with curses and sufferings. Many people suffer as a result of what they inherited from their bloodline. Mom had cancer, mom had cancer, aunt had cancer, you find that the gran had cancer. There's heart disease in the family. Family members have got mental issues, various issues. Mental issues, issues of divorce in the family. If you look at how many people are actually divorced in your family, you might find that there's a high rate of divorce. You find aunties with no children and there's no medical reason why they cannot have children, but they are suffering from barrenness. There might be four or five aunties in the family and none of them are married. Maybe only your mom is married or maybe you're just a child out of bedlock. If you keep looking in your family, you'll find there's addictions, there's bad habits that people have. Some may have no opportunities, little opportunities. Men die young in the family, they're in their thirties, forties. Worst case scenario in their teens. Mothers bearing sons. If you look at your family members and do a comparison with regards to success in life, how many have excelled? That's a question you've got to make a chart out and just put a question mark on top and see who's excelled, who's got degrees, who's got businesses, who's making their own money. Or are the family members broke, poor, in poor paying jobs, there's a history of violence, substance abuse, addiction, addictions being drugs and alcohol. Also could be pornography, anything that is excessive. It can even be gaming. And when you check this history and you do a comparison, you do a side by side with your own life. And then you can see what exactly are the strongholds in your family's, in your family's history. There may be suicide, anger issues, dirty family secrets. Families got a lot of secrets that they hide in the closet. There may be also witchcraft. Gran was a witch, a white witch, a black witch. There's no such thing as a white witch. Maybe your grandfather was a mason, a freemason, belonged to some secret society, made pledges. There may be...