Something that happens in life. Later on I went to work at a multinational company and I experienced some very dark things there. It was the first time my eyes opened to the occultic side of life where people use witchcraft for gain and furtherance and they used it against me and I was highly ignorant of it. I went to a very religious church and the teaching was you've got to be in church and when you're in church you're a good member and good members, God blesses good members that attend church weekly. So nobody really had the tools to assist me with the issues that I was facing. I eventually got married and I wasn't married for long. My marriage fell apart and while my marriage was falling apart everybody was just looking at me and while they might have not known the personal details of why my marriage was falling apart and what I was going through, nobody came to assist me. And you have all these people with big titles in the church and none of them offered help. So for two years I went through the worst hell of a divorce. So I just said to myself, this can't be the will of God for my life. But I was angry and I was bitter. I was upset with the church people. I was upset with church leadership. I was disillusioned. And you can't be going to church and hearing God's got this plan for you and God's got that plan for you and claim it and grab it and all these things. But when you're looking at your life, there is nothing going right in your life. So many years went by and I suffered in silence until one day I just gave up suffering. It was at that point I realized I have to do something. And I started researching the word of God. I started researching what the Bible says about my problems. And I started using Bible applications to resolve the issues that I was having. And little did I know, I had been suffering from generational curses. And this journey took me to look at my own family history to see exactly where my family is in life. When I began looking around, I realized that there was a lot of divorce in my family. I think there's very few people who are actually married to the same person. There's a lot of alcoholism in my family. There's a lot of waywardness in my family. Family members disappearing, going on adventures and you don't see them for years. And then they just come back all of a sudden. There was also a cap on how successful we were. And nobody broke that cap that was on our lives. And so I began to dig through the scriptures to find exactly what the issue is. And surprise, surprise, God had a lot to say about what your parents do and how it affects the children. And so I began to dig through the children. And so I began to dig through the children. And so I began to dig through the children. And so I began to dig through the children.