So generational blessings and generational curses do exist. We can see from scripture that a father has the power to curse his children and his children's children. We see the curses of Jacob lasting 400 years over the children of Israel. So anybody who wants to say that generational curses don't exist, clearly don't read their Bible. What we find is that Moses is from the tribe of Levi. And if you look carefully at the tribe of Levi, Levi had suffered from anger, wrath, and cruelty. See, Moses also suffered from anger. He got angry when he saw the Egyptian beating the Jewish slave and he murdered him. And when he was out in the desert, his cruelty showed when he came down from the mountain and the people were dancing around the calf. He ground up the gold and he made them eat it. So Moses had generational issues running in his life. Judah had married an outside woman. And when we look at his bloodline, we can see that David came out of the bloodline of Judah. Judah and David had an affair with Bathsheba. And there was rape in David's family. And when Solomon was born, Solomon had 700 wives, a lot of them outside women. And he also had 300 concubines. And these women eventually negatively influenced him into worshipping idols. So generational curses can start somewhere and carry on in the bloodline. And everybody accepts it as normal, as just who we are, as what we do. But if you don't check your bloodline, if you don't come against these things, then you will be continually bound in a cycle that was never meant for you in the first place. So I hope you enjoyed this introduction to generational curses and a look from a biblical perspective. We did leave out a few people like Jezebel and her bloodline. So I hope this was an eye-opener for you to see that curses do exist. They don't just exist from ancient times. They also exist now. No, it's just that the churches don't want to really speak about curses and only focus on your blessings coming, your blessings coming, your blessings coming, your blessings coming. Who's going to deliver the blessing? We first have to reverse the curses that are working in our lives. And so that all things can become new in our lives as Christ has made it for us. I hope you enjoyed the podcast. My name is Ashton Campbell. If you did, sharing it would be fantastic. So in the next part, we're going to look at curses from the lowest perspective and see exactly how God instituted curses and how some of those curses are still working in the lives of people to this day. My name is Ashton Campbell. I hope you enjoyed this podcast. Thank you for listening.