And I was quite shocked that the actions of my parents actually could negatively impact me. So I wanted to know who my parents were. And I'm not talking about when I was born and they raised me and all of that. I'm talking about before I was born. I wanted to know who my mother was before I was born. Who my dad was before I was born. Who my granny was. Who her mother was. You see, in my culture, it wasn't the norm for a child to ask their parents and grandparents questions. You just had to accept what you were told. And you were told very little. You had to be grateful that you existed, basically. And not to question why you're here. So, in my journey, I then found out that there were Sangomas in my family. I didn't know that. I was quite stunned when I heard that one of the uncles was a Sangoma. So I immediately knew that there was a door opened through occultism, witchcraft. And that led me now to find out how can I detach myself from this, or has this uncle, which I never ever met in my life, has he somehow bound me as the next generation or the third generation to his altar for power or whatever that he was doing? And then, I found out that my granny's mother was a traditional black woman from the Chanskai area. And when I, I never knew that, but when it was revealed to me this, then I realized that there are ancestral practices in my family that worship ancestors, that slaughter cows and goats and other animals to the ancestors for, well, I don't believe in luck, so I'm going to use the word fortune for gain, for power. And I was quite stunned at my family history. And then there was the issue of the dreams. I would have these vivid dreams. And I knew they were from God because he kept on showing me things. He kept on showing me things like water, snakes. He kept on showing me crocodiles. He kept on showing me, he kept on showing me rivers. And in these rivers, there would be dead people. In the mud, underneath the rivers, there would be snakes. He kept on showing me these ladies that were standing and watching me. There was three of them. And I remember they wore this traditional Zioni white garb with a stick. And these ladies would prevent me from entering into the church. And I had to do the investigation. I had to start asking hard questions in my family. It was not easy because, like I said previously, that children were not allowed to ask these questions. Well, my mother and dad...