And I would like to share this with you. So we're going to now go into the scriptures and we are going to look at the first human to human curse that is recorded in the Bible. And from there, we're going to gradually build and see how curses affect the lives of those who have been cursed. So in the book of Genesis chapter 9, we see that Noah had just survived the flood and he began to plant a vineyard and he got drunk and his son Ham went into the tent and we don't really know what happened. But when Ham came out, he told his brothers that his father is in the tent naked and the brothers went in backwards with a covering and they covered their father. When Noah woke up, he realized what Ham had done and Noah had three sons. He had Shem, Ham and Japhoneth. And then Noah cursed, not Ham, but Ham's son. And Noah said to Ham, curse be Canaan, a servant of servants he will be. Notice the direction which the curse was pointing the son of Ham. And he said to him that he will be a servant of Shem, his brother and Canaan was also made a servant of Japhoneth. But he blessed the other two and he made them increase in stature and he gave them positions in each other's house. So when we look at this, while Noah did not directly curse Ham, he cursed the children of Ham. And in chapter 10 of Genesis, we see that the children of Ham was Canaan and then Canaan got Sidion and Heth and Jebusite and they moved and they became Sodom and Gomorrah. So from the time Ham was cursed, his descendants ultimately became one of the most perverse nations that had to be destroyed by God because of this generational curse that had been in operation in their lives through Noah. This was the first human to human curse. As we see taking place. Now, we're not going to speak about Adam and we're not going to speak about Cain and Abel, but we're speaking about the human to human curse, which helps us to realize that it is possible for our parents to directly curse us and put us under a curse. And they can lock us and they can lock us and block us from ever becoming successful in life through the words they have spoken over our lives. The scripture teaches us that our words have power, death and life are in the power of the tongue. And so we've got to be very careful how we engage this unknown.