All of our actions. On the other hand, scripture regards the heart as the sphere of divine influence. Romans 2 verse 15 says that the law is written in the hearts. And Acts 15 verse 9 says there is no difference between Jew and Gentile. Why? The heart has been purified. The heart has been changed. Our hearts represent the true character, but it also conceals our true character. Inside of your heart is the true you. You just wait to see. We can hide, hide, hide, but eventually it will come out. It is the seat of our physical life. It is the seat of our moral life. It is the seat of our spiritual life. It is also the seat of grief. People cannot grieve. You've got to deal with the issues in the heart. You can't be having grief meetings week after week, same people there and no one moving forward. Go to the roots of the cause. It is the place of our spiritual life. It is the place of desire. It is the place of desire. It is a place where you can look with lust. It is a place of our perceptions. What you think goes on in your heart. What you think goes on in your heart. What you feel goes on in your heart. It is a place of how you will receive the word of God. You're hearing us in your heart. Our thoughts, Jesus said. Why do you think evil in your heart? It's a place of understanding. Your heart can be waxed cold. Your heart reasons. The reasoning is done in your heart. Do you believe the command, Jesus asked him. It means do you hear. It's the seat of our imagination. It's our conscience. To gladly receive God's words with the intention of our heart. We've got to receive it in our hearts. To come boldly for help. It gives us purpose. After seeing the grace of God with purpose of heart, they cleaved unto the Lord. After they had received, it is your will that allows you to become a servant of God. It is where your faith is that you will say to your circumstances, you will speak with faith to your circumstances or you will speak with doubt inside of your heart. So when we look over here at, love the Lord thy God with all thy heart. What is in the heart? What is inside of your heart? And God says, I command thee this day, it shall be in thine heart. If we go back, it says here, and these words which I command thee this day shall be in thine heart. If you've got a crowded heart and there's too many things going on inside of your heart, where is the space for the word of God to be inside? If you're so preoccupied with everything else, busyness of life, if life is overwhelming you, then certainly the word of God cannot thrive. Jesus used the example of sowing seed. He said, it's like our hearts, there's a stony heart, the softest, the good soil, the thorny heart. There are things that crowd the word of God out of our hearts. What is inside? What is crowding out this word? Where he says you must protect it like a hedge of thorns around it, preserve it, look after it.