There's results from children who listen to understand and there are results from children who just don't ever listen. It goes for the same as your faith. And then God says for this reason that you need to observe. What does he mean by observe? He means now that I've given this word to you, you must with thorns create a hedge of protection around us. Wasn't Jesus crowned with thorns? He created a hedge of protection, given a hedge of protection around what he was about to do. You, now, you must create a hedge. You must protect what you are hearing. You must make sure you don't lose it. You must make sure Satan doesn't steal what you've heard before you can apply it. Don't add to it. Don't add to what's been heard. Just do exactly what has been heard. Then take it on yourself and be a watchman. Then you've got it. So when I'm coming to you with my life experiences and this, that, and that, I need to shut you down. No. No. I'm not interested. I don't care. This is what I heard. This is what I believe. This is what I'm standing on. Hey, but how, you know, it doesn't look like, I don't care what it looks like. God says, it is going to be well with me. He didn't say when I take the next step, it's going to be well. He's worked the wellness out. Me, I'm just waiting for what he says to happen, must happen. And you need to make it a priority in your life. Observing can mean to celebrate it also. We had Ascension Day, and even though we didn't celebrate Ascension Day per se, but when you observe, when you get this word, when you put it in your soul, then you celebrate it. You make it part of your household. It mustn't be something that is absent. You're now celebrating it because you're observing it. In the same way we can do man-made observations like Christmas and all of those things are man-made. New Year's Day, man-made. Ooh, we spend lots of money on things that have got absolutely nothing to do with the Father. We spend lots of money doing it. Why can't we then observe the very things that he says that's going to make us right in our lives? We sing, it is well with my soul. So, where does it is well come from? It is well has to come from observing. Because the benefits of it is well is coming from our obedience to what has been spoken to me. I celebrate what has been spoken to me. Now I sing, it is well with my soul. Because I've got a testimony that I'm giving. So we celebrate it like a holiday. That what we have heard from God, we celebrate it like a holiday. He said here, not just in someone who's about to gossip and listen and go and go spread wrong stories all over the show. We need to hear. It's amazing. We can listen to gossip. Hey, word for word we will repeat. Two hour story. Sunday church, what happened? What was the text? Hey, yeah, you know, hey, you know, God's good, hey, yes, God. We can't do that. We need to start training what is right inside of us.