He says, do you stand in faith? Do you not worry or let doubt come in between you and God? Or do you wait on the things that He said because whatever you have now is not going to be sufficient? He's going to increase it. We are never in a state of sufficiency when it comes to the blessing because the blessing continuously increases day by day in our lives. And it might not just be monetarily, it might be in wisdom, it might be in knowledge, it might be in understanding, hearing the Holy Spirit better, it might be in our anointing, it might be progressing all over our lives. Think of the promise as an arrangement by God. An arrangement for you. Now in order to have that arrangement, you're going to have to be in agreement. You will be told that if you come here, you will have your own room with a shower. All food will be supplied, plus drinks, all day, all day tours, anywhere you need to go to, it's going to be paid for. And the promise that, or was spoken, that arrangement for you, it will take shape. And the fulfillment of it will come. And it will start to be coming, and it will come upon your life. It will come upon you, you will have it. And things go as it was promised you. Don't worry, I will take care of you. And as a result, you have a great time. But you cannot receive a promise if you don't have an arrangement. Who does that mean? Who does that mean? Throughout this. But you must also be careful of false arrangements. You never had no rich uncle. You never had no this, that. And you get this SMS that says, Oh, we've got this inheritance of yours. Your uncle passed away. Or you're just that, that distant relative. Please click on this link over here to go over there. And just deposit. No. Too many people fall for that one day. You never entered into a competition. You never did. But there's a Ford Ranger waiting for you on the link. Don't enter into silly arrangements like that. Enter into arrangements that God has made for you. Every promise of God will do as He said it will do for your life. It is only for us to experience God's promises as they work and move in our lives. And we will experience the land of milk and honey. Milk refers to richness. When God says, I will give you a land full of milk and honey. He said, I will give you a land that is rich and abundant. It lacks nothing for you. And the honey means that this thing will stick on you. Because when you touch honey, it's sticky. It will stick on you. It will be sweet on you. It will preserve you. Honey can last for thousands of years.