This is very significant and important. And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart. This is our command. One of the greatest commandments. The multiplayer, the everlasting commandment for our lives. And with all thy soul and with all thy might. And these words which I command thee this day. These words here. These words I command thee. This day shall be in thine heart. This is not for you to hear in your ears. It is for you to take and put it inside of your heart. The word God speaks goes to the heart. And we know the heart is the root of many things. And thou shalt teach them, okay, diligently, carefully, unto who? Thine children. So God is saying, after you've heard, now you must teach. This is a direct instruction to who? Parents. And shall talk of them. And thou, you, sitters. When you're sitting at your table in your house. When thou sitters in thine house. And when thou walkest by the way. It is to your children. It is when you're in your house. It is when you are moving. You're going to evangelize these things of here. And when you rise up. You're going to do it also. You're going to remember it. You don't get up to get up. You get up to remember what God is doing for you. What God has done. And thou shalt bind them for a sign up upon thy hand. We're going to go into this a little bit. And they shall be as frumplets, bands, between thine eyes. You'll constantly see it. We're going to dig into this. And thou shalt write them upon the post of thy house and on thy gates. So it's writing on the house and on the gates. Normally people got a corporate here that says, House of the Lord, or whatever the case, welcome, so on and so forth. So this Shema is not just hearing. How many times Jesus said, He who has ears, let him hear. He's not saying, Are you deaf or you dumb? He is saying, You who want to have the full understanding, the observation, you is calling that one, the one who wants to know God, That one, you, let him hear. You must hear. We see that God has given some instructions around what has been told for Israel, the Israelites. Why? Aren't we not grafted into Israel? Are we not adopted in? Are we not grafted in? You know how grafting is done. They cut it there and they take another one and they put it on top of that plant and then they seal it up with soil and then they bind it and then it grows on its own and it's grafted in. Are we not grafted in? And He said it's for Israel to do concerning what they hear before they enter the promised land. The idea of hearing is not just something... ... ... ...