That's what, or else they're going to have tough times. You can tell. You, you know, I teach stuff to teach you, to observe stuff, to know stuff. You can tell when the blessing of God is absent in the life of a person. And you don't have to look at it, because we're not fooled by the looks. We're just, we're not fooled by the looks. Um, yeah, I pray, and I go to church, and I do this, and I do that, but nothing is coming right. Nothing is coming right. You don't have to judge a person. You just have to sit back and fall back on the Word of God. And what about the untouchables? What about the tongues? Tell me, what about the tongues? The tides or tongues? Trials. Trials. What about the trials? That's, that's evident that God is the presence of God. A person's child, what they have to do. Oh, you can put yourself into your own problems. Is that, is that the trials of God when you went there, when the God's clearly said, don't do it. You went there. Don't marry. You married. Don't this. You did that. Don't. Yeah, it's your, your own choice. To do it or not to do it? You choose not to do it. The tribulation, yes, tribulation will come and God will see what's inside of your heart. Hey, your wood, stubble, fall. Yeah, that's what I mean. That's what I mean, guys. That's what I mean, child and tribulations. What I'm talking about in terms of, you can see in people's lives, they... And what do you fall back on? Yeah, that's what I'm saying, don't. Yeah, that's what I'm saying, don't. Because that's, that's called working in your life. He wants to mold you. He's present to them. Child and tribulations doesn't necessarily mean poverty. Poverty is not trials and tribulations. How long did you start being with that? How long did you start being with that? How long did you start being with that? Yeah. Okay, maybe you're not understanding what I'm saying, but it's true. I know people have trials, trials that, trials that, that, that, that... But you cannot be holy-fied in church, praying up, praised up, tongue twisting, speaking, this, that, that, and everything in your life has fallen apart. And it's not falling apart for one week, two weeks. It's falling apart for years and years and years on end. As a Christian, you should know, God judges by the secrets. There are secrets that have not been exposed. What about your calling in the enemy? What about your calling? Have we not been given victory over the enemy? Did we not speak on Thursday that when you get your calling, the enemy is going to come with a plan? Yes. But we've got victory in Christ Jesus over the enemy? Yes. So then we stand on which part? I'm just telling you. The victory or the failures? We stand on the victory. The enemy is going to come, the enemy is going to do its thing. The question is, what are you going to do? How are you going to protect what you've heard? How are you going to operate in faith? How are you going to do that? Look, the Bible says, no weapon formed against me shall prosper. So we know it's going to form. We know it's going to come. We know it's going to knock. But it's not going to prosper. And I'm talking about Christians where the weapon that is formed is prospering over the lives of those people. I love you waiting for them. disorder, Una managed,бократ False. It is prospering. Gand am I asking for?