Where it shouldn't be prospering. And now, yeah, pray for me, pray for me, pray for me, running all over, pray for me, pray for me. No, you need to stop that. Go fix your secrets. Yeah, go confess and unmask your secrets. And I guess he's the only one that can really pull you out of what he did. Exactly. He's the only one. He's the deliverer. Because he promised that he will break and cancel all of the covenants that are in your life. That's what he promised. So this is the last bit of it. And yes, we do come from different homes, abusive homes. But if there's compromising in the house, I say, listen, when you compromise, you come into problems. Because you become lukewarm and God says, that thing I'll spew out of my mouth. And we've got a lot of homes where children don't listen to their parents. But their parents don't listen to the Lord. Now you ask, why don't children respect adults? There's a root problem. You know, if you've had strict parents, charged up strict parents, you listened to your parents. You listened to your parents. There's a time set aside for instruction and obedience. And a lot in this community is missing in this community. Our children are not our children. Our children are not our friends. This is where the biggest problem came in, where we introduced this concept. Someone said to me, oh, but you must be a friend. She had also said, no, I'm the child's dad. If she wants friends, she must go look for friends. But I will instruct her. I am a dad. I give instructions. And that's the perception, exactly what you're saying. That is exactly how our community is. Not appearance, want the children to be there. Friends. And I said, but who's in authority then? Exactly. And it comes in because there was high birth rate in teenage pregnancies. So the age difference is not that much when your mother's 16 years older than you. Those days where your mother was 28 years older than you. Now your mother's 14 years older than you. And we saw it in this community where the mothers were in the clubs with the children. That time when there were clubs. Get dressed, we go into the club. I know I was there. I know I was there. I was there. I was there. I was in the club. I was there. And I'm going to finish off with this. Because I like this. Corinthians chapter 1 Corinthians chapter 1. First Corinthians chapter 8 verses 6. Yeah, I like this. There's such a cryptic word within the world. Now our stream is a ANN narrow state story, so having a producer coming onto this. We're going through a group and making a commentary on понять this. Are you going through the heads and make theämä? They have an excuse for us?