This blessing I am giving to you will be so preserved for a thousand years it will still work within your generational life. For did God not say to a thousand generations the promise of milk and honey is not literal milk and honey. The promise is the abundance that He's going to give you and it's going to stick to you and your generations to come. You can eat honey a thousand years later and it's still like the honey the day the bees made. God is self-existent and He's an eternal God, Yahweh. That's the meaning of His name, self-existent and eternal. I want to read Mark 12 verse 29. Mark 12 verse 29. Mark 12 verse 29. And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is here, O Israel. The Lord, our God, is one. And thou shalt love the Lord, thy God, with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength. That is the first commandment. And the second is a multiplier. And the second is like, namely this, thou shalt love the Lord, thy God, as thyself. Sorry, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these two. Now listen to this. And the scribe said unto him, Well, Master, thou hast said the truth. There is one God. And there is no other but He. And to love Him with all the heart, and with all the understanding, and with all the soul, and with all the strength, And to love His neighbor as himself, is more than all burnt offerings and sacrifices. And then Jesus saw, He answered him discreetly, quietly. And He said to him, Thou art not far from the kingdom of God. He said to this man, Thou art not far from the kingdom of God. He has the same command. In conjunction with this, you must love the Lord thy God with everything in your heart. And we know that everything in your heart, it means your desires, your emotions, your this, that, that, that. I'm just going to go back to last week's sermon. Not last week, the week before last sermon. Because we spoke about the heart. Your heart occupies the most important place in your body. The Bible describes the heart where the human depravity is. That's where sin can also thrive. In the heart. So it says there that the principle is that the heart is the seat, is the center of man's inward life. And then defiles the whole circuit. So sin, if it sits in the inward part of us, defiles every circuit of us. And remember I used the explanation of how it engages all and engages everything.