Hear and then you forget. Unlike people who come to church to hear the word and then they say it was powerful, but later forget what was heard and never apply anything of what has been said. And to hear in the Hebrew means to listen. Too many of us do this. Powerful, wonderful, marvelous. Then you ask the question, what was broken? Who are, if it was so powerful and wonderful and it was so marvelous, why haven't we then moved to engage it into our lives? It is one of the very telltale signs of a shallow Christian. We like to use the words, we use those words. And then when we ask, we can't engage. God calls us to listen with intention. God calls us to listen intelligently. When he says here, he says, listen intelligently to what I'm saying to you. As one who has going on a course, listen carefully to what I'm saying to you with intention in order for you to be obedient to what you are about to hear. You've got to listen to it so that you get the instructions. You know, it's like driving school and the guy says to you, all right, you've got to press the clutch in. And when you press the clutch in and release slowly, you're going to feel a kick. And when you feel the kick, then you're going to apply the petrol. And when you apply the petrol, the car's going to move. You've got to hear all of that. Or else it's go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, and the guy's screaming at you. Hey, I'm telling you, my clutch, my this, my that to the third. And when you listen, you listen to obey. You engage your attention to stop what you are doing and engage your ears. This is also common in church. This thing is a telltale sign. You're in church, people got their cell phones out. WhatsApp, the browser, the person's talking, this is talking, that's talking, what's going on there. They come there, but they've got their phones out. You are then able to gauge who is engaging intelligently in what has been spoken and what has been said. But now the technology is farther on the box. But that's... I'm talking about those who go on WhatsApp. Those who are on Facebook in church. I'm talking about when the pastor says Psalm 23 and then you go there and... Yeah, you can see when they're distracted. Yeah, Psalm 23. I got distracted once when I was in Prophet Joseph's church. Holy Spirit told me at the same time he got distracted. Prophet Joseph, call me. I knew I got distracted. My head literally went to the left. Holy Spirit knew you're distracted. You could call me. Engaged. Applied. Technology, everything. Eyes, ears, all that engaged. So you engage your attention to stop what you are doing and engage with your ears, your eyes, your mind, everything, your intellect. Anything that is not engaged, you need to engage it. Your attention is now surrounded. Your attention is now surrounding. And another thing. And another thing is now surrounding.