That which is of God, against that which I want to do. And this will reflect in my obedience to God. Not just my lips. We've got too many Christians who are Christians by their lips. By what they dress in and what they speak. You've got too nice, good-looking things over there. You're strutting and strutting. Oh, Jesus, this one can pray and that one can do and that one can do. And ask God, open up the fire, let's see. Pray, Lord, show me this person. There you see this. Sometimes you don't have to see a whole thing, you can just see an animal. The one guy, you were in a group, he came, he was causing chaos, corruption. I'd just come from Prophet Joseph, he was here in New Orleans. I went to him. I said, hey, Lord, show me this person. God showed me a baby kangaroo. A person that jumps around from place to place that's hiding the truth. And then when it was proven, it was proven, it was someone that goes from group to group causing chaos and disruption and he hides because a kangaroo has got a pouch so you hide. Right. So that's how the enemy sees that. That's what God showed me. So, and then he says, it's going to be well with thee. When he says it's going to be well with thee, it's not saying that you will see it straight away. It's not saying, have you seen it? He said it's going to be well with thee. It is not saying that it's going to come right now. He said it's going to be well with thee. It means that he is causing something to happen as a result of your obedience and observation of this word. God, we sometimes want to see it before we believe it. And in between receiving it, we've got to stand in faith, unmoved and unshaken. God is going to make things better. He's going to give you the best, which will cause you to be cheerful and to have rest. You are going to be well placed or best situated, listen Melanie, best suited for the opportunities and by his blessing, things will go well with you. God is going to make things right for you. Now all this will, will bring an increase in your life. God, remember the meme, remember we spoke about that meme where we said we're going to strive to become so successful that if someone dies within the family, they won't be able to make funeral arrangements until we arrive there because we are the dooners. Everyone will wait until you arrive. Your social territory will increase. Your things in your homes that you need will increase. Things will get better with this blessing that God is releasing. You will have more of everything and everything you have will increase. There is not enough to give it to you. This is the promise of God to Abram and as the seed of Abram, this is your promises that we, it is ours too. Have you heard what God is saying? Have you protected it? Are you doing what God is saying?