Daniel knows I can sit maybe two hours and I'll put it down and I'll sit two hours and just as the Spirit leads, I will touch it but I won't force it. And this is the word that God, well I believe God, dropped it in my heart. And it's the word of Shema. Have you ever heard that word Shema? A Hebrew word? Shema. What do you think Shema means? Jesus. If I say to you, the Shema what I said, what do you think you would say? A Hebrew word? Yeah, that's correct. The word Shema means to hear. We're going to read from Deuteronomy chapter 6 verses 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. We must think of hearing not as what we currently think hearing is. Today we have such, we can't retain much in our minds and I don't know why. When someone says, hey, yeah, what I've got to say, we take a picture of it and then it's done, it's lost. We can't have that type of mentality when we want to Shema and hear what God has to say. We can't have that type of mentality. We're going to go deeper into it. It's not quickly listen over here and then you hear and then like someone says, hey, my name is Jack and 30 seconds later you say, sorry, what's your name again? We can't hear God's word in that manner, in that capacity. We can't afford to treat it as such. And God gives us the reason why. One thing about God, He doesn't leave us hanging. He doesn't leave us in the lurch. He tells us why. And Deuteronomy chapter 6, we're going to read from verse 3, it says, hear, hear, therefore, O Israel, and observe to do it. That's it. It says hear and then observe to do it. So it's not asking God, God, what's your name? Ah, Yahweh, and then five minutes and say, God, what's your name again? Yahweh. No. It says hear, O Israel, and observe to do it. Now you've got to pay attention. That it may be well with you. There's His reason. Okay, it's going to be well with me. What then? It's going to be well with me. And that ye may increase mightily. So you said it's going to be well with me. And that I might increase mightily. As the Lord God of your fathers had promised Abraham as our father. We are the seed of Abraham by faith. Just as He had promised Abraham, I will give you this lamb. Walk the length of it. Wherever you stop, that's yours. Abraham didn't work. Abraham received. In the land that floweth with milk and honey. Who knows what milk and honey means? How well has heard it? No one ever went deeper than the land of milk and honey. Here, it says again, Shema, O Israel, the Lord our God is one.