So then we need to let this new information become your new life style. And this is where the problem comes in, because when we're engaging in Christians and we're teaching them, and then we get the Christians and say, well, I don't really feel like, I don't really feel like, I don't really feel like it should be done like that. I don't really feel like, I don't really. So the question you've got to ask them is, what have you heard from God that you are protecting and you are adamant that that which he has spoken in his word should not be applied to you in your life? Where are you getting your source from? I don't feel like. Where? What sermon? What scripture? What are you standing on? I think, when I tell people about Christmas trees, well, I don't really feel like that's traditions of men. That's traditions of, that's, we're upholding something. God never spoke about it. He never asked us to observe it. He never asked us to protect it. But we so fiercely protect it. The rituals around it. Oh, we've got to make sure it's perfect. The fruitcake must be there. The disc must be there. Who's deceived us? Where have we shemarred? Where have we heard this? But the churches and the churches promote this thing and they say, oh, now it's Advent. And you know, Jesus is smiling when we're celebrating his birthday. Nonsense. Sin. And we've got our defenses. Oh, well, I don't think and I don't feel. Okay, give me the word of God that you're standing on when you start telling me these things. That he says we have to do it. If it is in the action of a thing, it can be proved. Basically, what he's saying over here is, when a teacher has said to a child, come up to the board and solve this sum, The teacher is basically wanting to see if you understand the formula to solve the sum. Because in the formula, you'll get the right answer if you do it correctly. And the word is like the formula. And the word is like the formula for our lives. At school, we need to demonstrate it. But in our lives, we also need to do it. We need to understand it. Because doing what he said is vital in the eyes of God. Who's watching you? God is watching you. It's vital in the eyes of God. Who is watching you? Because God says he will judge your secrets. He's not going to judge you. He's not going to judge you. Not that. He's going to judge you by your secrets. When you think no one is looking. When you've got to put the phone down like this, and someone walks for it in five minutes. He's going to judge you there. So it is vital for us to be obedient. Not as some mere ritual of our daily life. Don't do like the Pharisees do. But as in drawing closer in the life to God. As we draw closer in our lives to God, this is where it becomes important. I draw closer to God in not only my lips. I draw closer in my actions. I draw closer as I'm here. I draw closer when I think about things to do. I first raise up.