The word. As a matter of instruction for your life. That is how you engage me. This is a matter of instruction for my life. When Jesus says, he who has ears, let him hear. He said, are you engaging? And if you are, are you going to do it to observe? Are you there as part of the crowd? The ones who say powerful, ooh, wonderful, ooh, I felt this and that. Now you want to catch, right, piggyback on what was said, you know, that it sounded so nice. And what was spoken about? Doesn't make no sense. It says there, do not be when hearing distracted. Think of Mary and Martha. Mary went to sit at the feet of Jesus. Martha went to go prepare the what-what for them. When she got crossed and she went to Jesus, she said, now I'm there, I'm busy over here. What did Jesus say? Jesus said to Martha, Mary has chosen the better part. Sitting and listening to Jesus was a lot more better than going and go prepare for Jesus. And some of us, we like to carry our stripes and our shoulders and what we do, what we do, what we do, but we don't have fruits. We got no fruits of what we heard. It means to give an opportunity to the speaker to be heard. You the listener hearing to remember so that later you can perform, you can do, you can pass, you can proclaim what you've heard. Because you've observed it, you're going to be given a testimony. God says, it will be well with thee. Does that not mean you've got a testimony coming? Imagine you're sitting in school with the teacher's teaching and you don't engage your ears. Now when the time comes for the what's in the what's in the what, whoa, this thing is foreign. How can it be foreign when you were in the class? It's foreign. It's Greek. When I was in sub A, the only number lines I took were 1 plus 1 and 2 plus 2. The rest was Greek. Next time, 1 plus 1 and 2 plus 2, I looked for those chords. I even ducked those chords too much. Why? No one used to teach me at all. But I knew what was 1 plus 1 and what was 2 plus 2. Just ask me what's 2 plus 3. Where have you got problems? Or 3 minus 2. Big problems. No, we had number lines to get to the answer. Why? Because we didn't engage. Didn't understand. And the teacher says now. Now you do it. Woo! You never listened. You were staring. You were gone. You can't do it. Where my books were? All in the back. Never marked. Six months books not marked. Yeah? Because you're scared now. Yesterday she didn't mock. She didn't ask you why didn't I mocked yesterday. But yesterday, you know, there's no, there's nothing going on there. It's just blanks. Blanks. That's why we've got to engage our thing hearing. So that's why each child's results are different. Today I will say we've got to engage our way.