We're busy with the things of life, as opposed to celebrating the words of life. You have the words of life. What have they heard that they could say, you have the words of life? What were they observing? What were they gatekeeping? What were they? Psalm 78 says, we will not hide them from their children, showing to the generation to come the praises of the Lord and His strength and His wonderful works that He has done. And in this community, there seems to be a generational gap, a generational gap for Christ in this community. There are too many children that are sinking low, doing anything and everything else, but not coming to Christ as they should. The call is not just to hear, but it's to respond to the call. Romans asked the questions, how will they hear if there is no one preaching? That's the biggest question. How are they going to hear if there is no one preaching to them? If there is no one teaching to them? How are they going to hear? How are they going to know that what they decided to do with their friends or what they decided to do is wrong? Think how many times we ask God to hear our prayers. How do we want God to hear our prayers? Do we not want Him to actively engage with the response? We want Him to hear every particular detail. He must set up and pay attention to what we are speaking to. When we have problems, when we have problems, you have got to come, come, come, I am here and the throne, don't listen to them, listen to me. But do we, when He gives His word, do we say, I am not going to listen to you, I am not going to listen to you, I am only going to pay attention to Him. Psalm 27 verse says, hear, listen, shema, my voice, when I call, O Lord, be merciful, answer me, remember, answer me, that is what it says, hear, be merciful. Remember, a few services back, I said, if God is merciful to us, we can't be merciful back to God, because God doesn't need to be delivered from anything. God can only receive our obedience. So there is nothing that God needs to be delivered from. We can only be obedient. Now to the obedience, what was and is the promise of God. If you truly listen, then out of the nations, you will be my tribute possession. Exodus chapter 19 verse 5. So then in Hebrew, the word shema means listen and obey. Those who listen to God become His treasured positions. He says a prized vessel. That thing from Australia. No one must touch you. Who should come all the way from Australia in the cabinet there? Your auntie sent her from Australia. It's made in China, but not with God. Not with God. To obey is to keep covenants. He who has ears, let him hear. Let him shema. And we see John cried out in the wilderness. And Jesus wept. They were trying to get through to the people. Because many never listened and obeyed. So this generation has to be. So this generation has to be. So this generation has to be. So this generation has to be. So this generation has to be.