1 Thessalonians 4 verses 3 and 5 says, For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that he should abstain from fornication, that every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honor, not in the lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God. The definition, therefore, of these words is having an abnormally strong desire or appetite in the area of sexuality. If you have a situation where you cannot control your thinking or something keeps coming up, if you're hung up on or preoccupied by guys or girls, need to have a boyfriend or a girlfriend as a matter of urgency, this all falls into lust, concupiscence, strong desire that's gotten behind your control. So now we see the root of the matter. We need to desire after God and that should be our root, our desire, our passion should be for God and God only. We also look at sensuality. 2 Corinthians 12 verse 21 says, And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that I shall bewail many which have sinned already, that word bewail means mourn, and have not repented of the uncleanliness and fornication and lasciviousness which they have committed. James 3 verse 15 says, This wisdom descended not from above, but is earthly, sensual, and devilish. Jude 19 reads, These be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the spirit. 1 Peter verse 2 verse 11 says, Beloved, I implore you as aliens and strangers and exiles in this world to abstain from the sensual urges, the evil desires, the passions of your flesh, your lower nature, that wage war against the soul. The definition given says, The planned appeal to your physical senses or selfish gratification or occupation with bodily sexual pleasure, and that also extends into the realm of flirting. Pleasure should never be a reason or motivation for living. To live for your physical senses, that is, your drugs, the sex, the music, dance, heavy petting, and for feeling. As we look further, we also see it's defrauding. Leviticus 19 verse 13 says, And Colossians 2 verse 17 to 19 says, Such things are only the shadow of the things that are to come, and they have only symbolic value. But the reality, the substance, the solid fact of what is foreshadowed, the body of it, belongs to Christ. Let no one defraud you by acting as an umpire and declaring you unworthy and disqualifying you for the prize. Insisting on self-abasement and worship of angels, taking his stand on visions, he claims, he has seen. Vainly puffed up by his sensuous notions and inflated by his unspiritual thoughts and fleshly conceit. And do not hold fast to the head.