From whom the entire body, supplied and knit together by means of its joints and ligaments, grows with the growth that is from God. Definition, to use, take advantage of, to deceive. If you do not have the intention to have a long-term relationship with someone. Also, using other persons for your selfish ends. Not being open and honest about your intentions. So, what are the limits? Young people might argue, point just before, they might say, penetration is not necessary to orgasm, so can they do that? The answer is, no, you can't. You cannot control yourself, if that's the case, so it's wrong. They might say, making love, like, to the point of orgasm, but they've got their clothes on, so it's like dry humping. That is still wrong. The next one is, nakedness and petting, to the point of orgasm. That is also masturbation, that is wrong. Your body is to be viewed as by one person and one flesh. So, you're supposed to be in a union with a person. The next point is, just with underwear on, there's a slight difference. Then you tell them, no, that is still wrong. You are supposed to be holy and set apart for God. And then, again, they may bring up, okay, what if they have got all their clothes on? And then you say, your body, it's still wrong. Your body is meant for your husband to touch and for your wife to touch only. That is God's design. And the young people might ask just about touching and stuff. As it was addressed, you've got to have control. But when you look at what God says about handling a woman's breast, he doesn't take it lightly. He equals these actions to a harlot. And we know a harlot is a prostitute. Of course, we get that in Ezekiel 23, verse 3. Whenever God gives you an image of something negative, understand God does not approve of that image or action outside of his design. So, we're going to ruffle a little bit more feathers as we're going along in this podcast. Song of Solomon, chapter 4, verse 11 says, Your lips, O my promised bride, drop honey as the honeycomb. Honey and milk are under your tongue. God sees French kissing as part of foreplay. It causes desires and longing in you for something more. It breaks down your defenses. It is God's will that we are to be sanctified, controlling our own bodies. We were made to have sex, so now the core of our being needs to submit under our will. But the fact that we are sexually right does not mean we should be unholy or sexually immoral. So, in closing, we come to the bottom line. Galatians 5, verse 18 to 21 says, But if you are guided, you are led by the Holy Spirit, you are not subject to the law. Now the doings, the practices of the flesh are clear. They are obvious. That's not a good thing. Now theities of Blooders is we are not subject to theiriits. .