Good day to you and welcome to my new podcast. I'm your host, Ashton Campbell, and this podcast is entitled Faith Over Fear. We're going to read from 2 Timothy 1 verse 7, For God had not given us the spirit of fear, but of power, love, and of a sound mind. We're also going to read from 1 John 4 verse 18, There is no fear in love, but perfect love casts out fear, because he had torment, he that feared it is not made perfect in love. It is God's will for us as Christians to leave all of our cares before the Lord. It is his desire to take care of us within his perfect love. When we were created, we were not given a spirit of fear. Of all the things God gave us, fear was not one of them. So the very presence of fear is an intruder inside of your and my life. It was not given to us by God. The presence of fear is the absence of God's perfect love in operation within your life. The Lord God will drive out from you all forms of fear if he is King, Father, and God over your life. Fear is like a lion that is on the hunt. The lion never attacks the strongest of the pack. It separates the weak one. Fear is that lion working to separate you from the perfect love of God. But when we are under the protection of God's perfect love, then the knowledge keeps us from falling into fear's trap, and God's love destroys all fear inside of us. Then torment is destroyed because we boldly call upon the Lord our God. In all of our life situations that we are faced, we are no longer going to operate with fear. No fear can set up camp within the territory of God, and we are God's territory. Purchased by the blood of Jesus, God will crush the head of fear. If we believe and remain within the perfect love of God, He will do what He says He will do for you. Understand this, that the Lord God said, I will cause you to slay giants. And if God says that He is going to make you slay giants, then no fear can dominate you because there is a giant slayer inside of you. And we just have to remain within the perfect love of God and not be shaken by fear or torment or anything that wants to separate us from what God has desired for our lives. Have a blessed day today. I'm your host Ashton Campbell, and I look forward to having you on my next podcast very soon. God bless you.