When they came there they gave a prayer point that says every every giant standing at the gate of my promised land fall down and die in the name of Jesus. This woman prayed with fire and then she had stayed on the floor for seven hours. Let her share the grace. That's when she woke up. She had a vision and this is the vision she had in seven hours. She said the minute she felt that she found herself in this throne and there was a king. So when she walked in she saw the king. Then she looked and there were all three other women there. And she found out that she looked at them and they were the faces of her sisters. She found out that she and her sisters they were all wearing the same outfit and they were all serving this king. This girl looked at that king and said everybody else might be your wife but I divorce you in the name of Jesus. In that dream the king got off from the throne and hid the floor and died. That was all that woman saw in seven hours of prayer. Within two three months she was married. Because she had divorced the family straight husband. I went to preach in this village when I went there I saw a vision where all the women in the village were all vying to marry the king. In that village there's a lot of whoredom. There's a lot of prostitution. Women don't stay in marriages. Women are jumping. If you go to my country that village is notorious for having the greatest amount of prostitution. You know. They just call the name of women from there. They are prostitutes. They do this. They flip around there. You understand? Why? Because they are married to the idol in the village. If you don't deal with the spirit husband it will deal with you. If you don't deal with the spirit wife it will deal with you. There are many people that have been married and they don't have children. There are husbands that cannot get it up. We had a lady right here. She was sitting down there. She said herself is in the marion kingdom. I don't think she knew it. Because it was here when she started manifesting and started talking and talking and talking. The demon spoke and said they have captured the husband's private. It's under the water somewhere. The man cannot get it up and can't have children. And you know what? Sometimes when somebody has been captured like that their mind just don't work right. Because he was here and we were trying to get him to pray. He was doing one of those little... I'm thinking to myself. I'm like your stuff. Being captured under the water somewhere. You're praying cute. I was like okay. She was... He's one of these hermolitikers. He went to Bible school. You're captured under the water. With holy desperation. Me I'll be on the floor and provoke. He says some pretty stupid things. So we've seen a lot of stuff. This destiny. They will keep harassing our children. And the same battles. Because this is why man marriages are in such. Heading away from their wives. My husband ran off. These days were getting men...