In fact, when the children of Israel, God told Moses to tell them that get rid of your earrings before I destroy you. And they all took away their ornaments. Earrings are gods. That's why each time that they wanted to make idols, what did they do? They used earrings. Jewelry. Bring your ornaments. They used jewelry. They used their rings and bangles and earrings to make gods because they are gods. In the olden days, they wore earrings because they believed that demons went in through the ear. So you wore an earring to indicate which god you were worshipping so that it would stop other demons from entering your ear. That's how earrings started. It wasn't a godly thing. In fact, if you notice, the people of the past, like men wearing earrings, they used to wear earrings to indicate whether they were bisexual. Now we have regular human men wearing earrings. In fact, sometimes their earrings are even longer than the women. They'll just be shaking. They'll just be shaking. So the devil. So the devil has released a lot of stuff that we have imbibes that are not of God. They are not scriptural. But because we like to conform to the world. People are like, well, this is 2000 and what? 2013. There's no 2013 heaven. And 1999 heaven. Whatever pertain in the word of God. In 3 BC or in 580 or in 500 AD still pertains to it. Whether it was in 1512 or is 1913. It still pertains. So people sound as if we have a new 2013 heaven. This is a new millennium kind of heaven or kind of Christianity or kind of scripture. No. The Bible is the same yesterday, today and forevermore. What pertained in the past pertaineth now. And I always say when the Bible says thou shalt not do something and thou shalt do it, the devil is going to know that thou shalt has done it. And that is why he will attack you. You go to church every Sunday. Oh God, just forgive me of all my sins. God, it's like you're forgiven. You're in right standing. You can go to heaven. But the snake came in when thou shalt did not do it. Amen. So that's why we have to realize that we have to stop opening the door because when you open the door, the battle comes in and then it becomes too much trouble getting rid of it. You open the door, the snake comes in. Then you don't, most of the time you don't even recognize that that was an open door. You repent, yes, but you don't kick the snake out. Then you have these snakes inside your house. They give birth to children. And they have all this stuff in your house, in your home, in your life, in your marriage, in your children, in everything. And then you keep thinking, well, God, why are you not asking me? God is looking at you and telling me, I can't answer you. It's not me or it's the snakes. It's the snakes. Get rid of those snakes and you'll be cool. God will always, in his infinite mercy, always show us when these things are happening. That's why he shows you the fact that somebody is sleeping with you in the dream. That's why he shows you what the devil is doing so that you can bring the case and fight and win the battle. Hallelujah. A lot of people have gotten speed husbands because of fornication, adultery, pornography, homosexuality, bestiality. There are people that have done masturbation and they're like, I'm a virgin and you've been masturbating. You are not a virgin. Well, is masturbation wrong? It's not in the Bible. Sex is a spiritual transaction. So when you're doing it by yourself, demons come and join you. When you're doing it in the right way, in marriage, God watches over it. How do I know that? When Onan was having sex, God watched it. And when he spilled his sperm because he did not want to produce seed, God destroyed him. When the unbelievers are doing it, the devil is watching and pouring and evil spirits are going past each other. When you're doing it in marriage, God is watching and using it to produce a goodly seed. So if the devil can create situations where all these Nephilim spirits can scatter and break marriages, a lot of people will live in sin and then there will not be goodly seeds produced. Will be produced.