emails we get about a spouse ran off after they get infected. He was one of the biggest witches that ever existed in this country. He wrote a book called 777. In that book, he was teaching people that if you want to be famous, if you want to be rich, it will make you famous. Beyonce says she has such a yes. You'll hear Lady Gaga. I'm not even sure she's human. Her own is a dude. They're telling you straight up. They call it their alter ego. Beyonce told us that when she's singing and dancing and shaking and bawling, it's not her. It's a Shafias. So it's like a Nephilim Smith is entertaining you and your children are dancing and you guys are all dancing to it. What is happening to you? You're all getting infected. Michael Jackson, all of us danced to Thriller. Thriller was succubus encounter and we all danced to it. Do you know the things we got from it? If you listen to the devil entertaining you, he will possess you. And a lot of church people that have burned strange fire, a lot of people that are mixing the secret and the profane. In the church, there's no demarcation anymore between safe and unsaid. Do you understand? These days you get into the church, they're all paring. I have a young man coming here trying to sell me a CD that, oh, it is reaching the youth. It's a rap. It's a, it's a hip hop CD reaching the youth. I am impacting the youth. I said, let me ask you, when you play those, do you bear in them? Trying to be righteous? Trying to be safe? No. They just come to in them. It's worldliness. Flesh. We had a young man the other day went to preach, living with his girlfriend. And the past bishop is also living with his girlfriend, I guess. We had a pastor call me because he's having problems with the wife. And you know what he's saying? You better get her to act right because my body is beginning to burn. I'm going to cheat on her. How's that? I said, both of you are insane. How does he affect the woman? The woman comes into you. Messed up your unknown repel. You might end up in hell. And then you make it look as if you're doing it to upset your wife. So, many times, there are many things that will happen in your life for you to know you have a free spouse. The commonest one is sex in your dreams. If you've ever had sex in your dream, you have a free spouse. If you've ever slept with somebody in your dream, you have an incubus or succubus.