She said she was pregnant. She knew she was pregnant. She heard her baby crying. And she asked her, did you go to the doctor? She said yes. Did they check you? She said yes. They said that she's not pregnant. I said, but she said she's pregnant. I just looked at her and laughed. I said, you are carrying an evil spiritual pregnancy. And you better have bought that baby in this place before you leave. Because what do you mean by you're pregnant and the doctors can't find it? Have they ever done a test and found that you were pregnant? She said no. She said, but she knows she's pregnant. She feels it. She knows how it feels. She has more symptoms. You understand? She was walking and walking and walking and walking and she started throwing up. And she left out of here. Stomach deflated. We had another young lady. She was sitting right there. She had been having, she got to the hospital. She had cysts. She had fibroid. She had ovarian cysts. And she was about to go for surgery. When she came here, we started praying. She started vomiting blood. She vomited and vomited and vomited. When she went back home, she started producing clot. Her period came and it was big, thick clots. So she ran to the doctor because she was scared. They examined her. Cyst, fibroid, gone. Evil spiritual pregnancies. A lot of them. They call them fibroids. They call them endometriosis. They even call them molar pregnancy. You are pregnant with this thing that looks like grapes. It looks like a big bunch of fluffy looking grapes. These things are evil deposits of the spirit husband. Most people believe that the spirit husband and the spirit wife, the incubus and succubus, they are the same spirit. They turn into a woman. Then they sleep with a man and collect his sperm. Then they turn into a man and then they sleep with another woman and deposit the sperm and reproduce more of themselves. Because of the way they are, they can't. Angels cannot reproduce. You understand what I'm saying? So they can use human beings to reproduce more nephilums. People will be like, no, that's not possible. How can a spirit sleep with a human being and produce a child? That's not possible. Really? How was Jesus born? The Holy Spirit breathes on Mary and produce a child. And the devil figures, well, if God can do it, I can use it to multiply and produce evil seed. That is illegal. The thing that Jehovah does, the devil tries to pervert for his own pleasure. The children of the devil, I don't care. The children of the devil are the bride of Lucifer. But we children of God are the bride of Christ. The bride to touch us. Give him unto you. They are the most difficult demonic spirits to get rid of. That is because of holiness and sanctification that will keep the spirits away. Most of us would not want to put any restrictions on our enjoyment. I was talking to a lady. She had rings, rings, jewelry, everything decked up like the lady in the marine kingdom in Revelation 17. She said, I need prayer. All this stuff is going on with me. I said, girl, you're going to have to get rid of some of these idols you're wearing. She got so offended that I want her to look. She can't just be going around looking like all Pentecostal people looking crazy. I said, okay, keep your idols. There are many