These things are showing up in the physical because the grace of God right now has been taken for granted by the church for so long that now you keep doing mess. God is going to allow you to feel what the devil is doing back to you. A lot of people in the church are going through this. Well, I'm saying, why is this happening to me? It's happening to you because you opened the door. It's happening to you because you're going against the word of God. The Bible says in the book of Deuteronomy that a man should not wear a woman's dress. Neither should a woman wear a man's dress. I don't wear pants. Never, ever. If you're dealing with a spirit husband and you're not going to get rid of your pants, you're not going to get rid of that spirit husband. Because he will have a scripture to prove to God why he shouldn't go. There's another open door. The Bible says that a woman should not pray or prophesy without their head being covered. If they do that, the angels are watching. People are like, yeah, it's in the Bible. Let's turn to the book of Corinthians. First Corinthians 11. Let's start from verse 4. Every man praying or prophesying, having his head covered, dishonoreth his head. But every woman prayed or prophesied with her head uncovered, dishonoreth her head. For it was as if she was shown. So if a woman does not cover their head, let her be shaven. Amen? Then you go to verse 10. It says a flower over her head. All the woman should have a covering of her head because the angels are watching. Which angels? The angels in Genesis. The Nephilim are watching. So if you don't cover your head when you're praying or prophesying, that means you're accessing the spirit world with no covering. And of course, there will be a dude coming to cover you. Especially since the word of God says you shouldn't do it. When the word of God says something and we don't listen, the devil uses that as a legal ground to attack us. Do you understand? God will give you grace. If you repent, God will forgive you and you will go to heaven. But the issue is that those things that we do become legal reasons why the devil walks into our lives. And when the devil walks in, they are not leaving because you repented. Do you understand what I'm saying? If you crack open the door and the snake comes in, and you repent and close the door, there's a snake in your house. So a lot of us have cracked open the door in many ways. And there are snakes in our houses, biting us. Even though we're heaven bound, the snake is still in the house. And sometimes the snake might bite you and make you run out of the house and end up going to hell. Because some of the things that the devil will do to you might make you end up in sin. If the devil breaks your marriage, you can carry on forgiveness towards your husband and that can make you end up in hell. If the devil breaks your marriage and sends you out there, you go and start fornicating, you end up in hell. Do you understand what I'm saying? So some of the things that happen because of this demonic oppression will end up causing situations in your life that will make you head down the wrong road. We have a book here written by my father and the Lord, Dr. Dichkyo Lukoya, spirit husband and spirit wife. We have another one written by Dr. Etiola called A Woman's What's Nightmare. You guys need to read it. Amen. I've done all those arguments of you don't want me to wear makeup. You don't want me to wear pants. You all do all these things because you just want to oppress us women. When I was done fighting my own battles, I threw out pants, makeup and whatever else I had to throw out so that I can come out of bondage. Amen. And I'm a deliverance minister. Because of what I do, I don't have anything of the devil's. I try not to keep any of his property. Not even, you know the word of God talks about earrings. Earrings is a sign of slavery. The Bible says that if your servant, if you tell your servant to go and the servant decides, I want to stay with my master, take him to the door, burst his ear and put an altar. See you next week.