Praise God for his goodness and mercy for opening the ears and the hearts of people in the name of Jesus. We tear off the veil of the enemy and let the voice of the Holy Spirit go forth, not the voice of the enemy in the name of Jesus. I take authority over the airwaves now and I silence every contrary tongue in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Today's message is deliverance from spirit husbands and spirit wives. Deliverance from spirit husbands and spirit wives. We call them what? Incubus and succubus. This is one of the biggest tormenting spirits in the church. I'm not talking about in the world. I'm talking about in the church. And many people are not dealing with it. Why they don't deal with it is because number one, a lot of people are scared of it. Number two, a lot of people are embarrassed to tell somebody about it. I have been in deliverance for a while. I'm here to see one deliverance candidate that was not dealing with a spirit husband or a spirit wife. I'm here to find one. Every time people are dealing with other things, witchcraft, foundational things, but it always ends up with spirit husband and spirit wife. Why? Because whether it's witchcraft, whether it's familiar spirit, whether it's foundational deposit, whether it's half of the time, they also want a piece of your flesh. This is one of the biggest tormenting spirits in the church. These spirits, they are responsible for breaking marriages. They are responsible for hatred by your spouse. You find out that the same man that the first day they met you, they wanted to kiss your mouth, kiss your head, kiss your hair. When they say you may kiss the bride, they didn't let anybody talk because they wanted to kiss everybody. You're elbow, your fingers. Right now, like my father in the Lord, Dr. Lukoia says, he's looking at you like, if I see you, I kill you. Are you wondering, huh? I don't know where love. He's like, get away from me. And there are a lot of people going through stuff. They are responsible for serious gynecological problems. We call them all kinds of names. Endometriosis. We call them molar pregnancies. We call them fibroids. We call them cysts. But most of them are evil deposits from the spirit husband. They are responsible for miscarriages. Impotence. Men that can't get it up. Untold hardship. They are responsible for financial failure. Because when this spirit is in your life, if he assumes that he's married to you, you're married to them, at the end of the day, what you have is yours, what they have is yours. So they take when things come to you. They become the thing that steals and kills and destroys in your life. They are responsible for general failure at the edge of breakthrough. If you see somebody that has a serious spirit husband, it affects almost every facet of their lives. They are responsible for infertility. People that are married, they go to the doctor. Everything is fine, but you don't have a child. And people are like, what is spirit husband and spirit wife? Does that really exist? Is it scriptural? Of course. If you turn your Bible to the book of Genesis, Genesis 6, let's look at something. Genesis 6 verse 1. And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them. And daughters were born unto them, that the sons of God saw the daughters of men, and they were fair. And they were born unto them, that the sons of God saw the daughters of men, and they were fair.