Any categories of spirit husbands and spirit wives. Hallelujah. The first kind I will discuss is the hidden one. The hidden one are those that they come and sleep with you in the dream but you don't realize it. You don't know. You have a spirit husband but you don't know you have one. Most of the times some people get up from sleep feeling aroused. You don't know why. Or you get up. Sometimes you feel bloated. You get up. You went to sleep feeling good. You got up from sleep just feeling funny. But you don't know why. These have touched you. And they make you. They take the dream away. You don't remember it. So you get up from sleep and look like something snatches your dream right off your mind. You know you have been dreaming but something snatches it off immediately. There are many people that have the spirit husbands and they don't know. So we can only diagnose them by the symptoms they have or by the conditions of their life. These ones are the hidden ones. They are those that are camouflage. They come to you with the face of somebody you know because you will not say no to them. They bring the face of a husband, a wife, a loved one, a past boyfriend, somebody you've been fantasizing about, somebody you think is cute. If you start fantasizing about all these movie stars, the devil has a way of putting their face on a Nephilim screen and bring it to you. You'll be like, ooh, I just love whoever it is that lady was loving. I'm not going to call the person's name. Of course the devil was bringing it to him. She used to see herself sleeping with that movie star all the time. And she liked it. Camouflage. They are the ones that are spiritual prostitutes. They jump from one person to another. They are the ones that are hermaphrodite. You see yourself a woman sleeping with you with a male organ. You understand? You see a woman and a male organ sleeping with you. Many cases of that have been reported. I know a lot of people that have said that. There's a lady that actually said that she was seeing herself with a woman and then she had a male organ. There are those that are what we call astral sex. A demon or Nephilim. It's just a human being that's a witch. And they astral project and sleep with people. We've had that happen. I had a young lady that told me that she's a prophetess. She told me that she had this man that she saw in her dream. She slept with the man in her dream. Eli. And she thought this must be God. And she married the guy. Had two children with the guy. Man almost killed her. By the time she started really serving God. By the time God opened her eyes one day. She saw the man. And the man's male organ was a snake. Her husband. I was like, you ought to be going around just marrying people. Before you go and marry some Nephilim. Check their belly button. Hallelujah. Check their belly button before you marry them. They might not be human. Daddy has gone into the bathroom. They go, do do do do do. Hey, come back here. We had another lady. She was working in the church in ministry with the pastor. She and her husband started having problems. They went to council with the pastor. She said she didn't even think the pastor was good looking. She said, but from the day after that counseling, she could not stop thinking about the pastor. Then the next thing, pastor started coming in and sleeping with her in her dreams. Then very soon, pastor started really telling her that, you know, I'm inside of you and I swim inside of you. And now pastor and her started dating in real life. She went to a program. She said she knew that she had left pastor behind. And she knew there was no other entrance into that place. Let's go. She was a teacher. She looked. I'm