A bunch of bastards and they say a bastard cannot stay in the house of God for 10 generations. That's why a lot of us cannot truly comprehend God. Because there's too much stuff that has come down our family line. But you gotta decide that this is not your portion. Amen? I like this thing because you know, no matter how bad it has been, I always tell people, there's a way out. Your one repentance prayer, one serious Holy Ghost fire fight from your breakthrough. I know that a lot of us have committed fornication, adultery, pornography. Some people here have, you know, touched women and men. Some people here have gone into bestiality. There are people that have watched, who have masturbation. There are people that have worn things from idols. There are a lot of things that have happened. There are people who have slept, sometimes you slept with a witch when you were 16. Oh, you slept with somebody. You guys were just both regular 16 year olds. You sleep with them, you form a soul tie. By the time you're 35, you are a child of God and that boy you slept with at 16 is a warlock. And you have a soul tie with him that has not been broken. The devil is going to use that soul tie to cross to you. And you'll be wondering why, you've not seen this person for 21 years, but somehow they are affecting your life. Because you slept with somebody that later on started serving the devil and that link was still there, not being broken. Well, I just did it when I was 16, okay? If you married somebody when you were 16 and you never divorced them, you ran away from them, denounced them, forgot their name, move on with your life, went to medical school or went to law school, by the time you turn 45 and run for the mayor or run for the senate, they are coming for you. You never divorced them. You only ran away. A lot of us have gone to psychics. A lot of us have gone to root workers. A lot of us have called, gone to palm reading. We've done, watched Harry Potter movies, listened to demonic music and done a lot of stuff that have brought Nephilim spirits into our lives. Because when you go to a psychic, the spirits that those psychics deal with are marrying you. When you go to a root worker and they give you something, there are people that have gone to the beach. They've done, they've done what they call a spiritual bath. Because some people is in their culture, they do spiritual baths. Try to sanctify protection or anything that is not in the blood of Jesus. You have given yourself off to a God, to an idol, to a Nephilim. A lot of us are guilty. Sometimes guilty without knowing it. There are a lot of children that receive, they bought them the eight ball when they were children. And the eight ball is a little psychic. And they didn't know. Because the devil has packaged it in a way that every one of us will take it without even knowing. Hallelujah. That's why the Bible says, my people have gone into captivity because they have no knowledge. But thank God for the knowledge that he's given you this weekend. Because when you leave from here this weekend, you're going to be armed. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I thank God for the blood of Jesus. I thank God for Jesus dying on the cross. Because if any one of us got what we deserve, we will be dead. But it's God in his infinite grace and mercy that was still standing. It is God in his infinite grace and mercy that after all that sleeping around, that we did, we didn't get HIV. It is God in his infinite mercy that you still found a way to get saved, even though your parents and your great-grandparents were idol-worshippers. God called you out. He pulled you out. It is God's mercy. So the devil might be harassing you right now, but you're way ahead. Because you have the grace and mercy of God. The devil might be harassing you right now, but you're way ahead. Because now with knowledge, you can come to the throne of grace and obtain mercy. Hallelujah. There is a way out. Somebody said there is a way out. Break free from my past. In the name of Jesus. The word of God says in 1 Corinthians 3.16 that no are you not.