When she came in she was standing at the door with the people. She said when she turned around she saw pastor inside. She looked at him like how did you get here? She looked at her like he wasn't even scared. Projected into a meeting and his bishop came for deliverance because when she found out that and ran for her life by then the devil was inside her. The warfare was on. We had a young man call me from Monroe crying because every night she has this man raping him in the dream. He's not even homosexual. He said men are raping him. And he was like Dr. Stella I don't know how to say this. Please don't get freaked out. I was like don't worry sir. I will not be freaked out. I have seen some pretty freaked out stuff and I've not freaked out yet. I'm a deliverance minister. I'm used to hearing crazy things. We had a lady. We had a lady. In fact what did she tell me? She said I entered my room and I knew something had come in with me. And when I sat on my bed. The thing sat next to me Dr. Stella I saw my bed depressed. Real life. I saw my bed go down like somebody had sat on it. And now we went into our room and she said man got upset. She showed up. Don't worry I'll take care of you. She said I'll be seeing you in my dream. He screamed. He ran back downstairs immediately and apologized to her husband. And they started praying. We have seen starting people. These things are tormenting people. We had a family come here from Seattle. They've had 10 miscarriages. 10. They had cried and cried until they could not cry anymore. They even tried to go do surrogate and something crazy happened. So they were about to give up and just adopt. And then the husband saw me online. I think on Facebook or YouTube or something. She sent me an email and said, Dr. Stella, please help us put the devil to shame. That couple flew down here in this same room. We had a 3-day marathon prayer. This woman used to get pregnant. She would have this strange dream and then she would lose the pregnancy. Then when they flew home, within 8 months they had their first child. We had a lady here in town that came for one of our deliverance programs. She hit the floor and she screamed like crazy. She'd been married 5 years, no issue. She hit the floor and screamed. Why? Because the things that are screaming inside. She played with her widgey butt. I called her name. She's mine. She's mine. She's mine. She's mine. This woman was crawling on the floor like an animal. It was crazy. Rocked out. She went through deliverance. Now, she has her first child. I went to minister in one city in Nigeria. This woman came to me crying because everybody that has ever been engaged to her, something horrible happened to them. One died. The other one lost the job. The other one got, the car broke down or whatever. One of them received a physical slap. Had a guy in Maryland, he would lay in the bed and see his wife sleeping with somebody and won't touch him. The minute he married this woman, he went from having businesses and everything to not even be able to pay his bills. Desolated. Like they say, married to the enemy. married to the enemy.