You look like the queen of the coast. Sometimes even the jewelry we wear, the hair braids. We have a lady, a woman repent from the marine kingdom. And she said that they are the ones that make the attachments. So that when you attach it on your head, that is a way that they climb into your life. Because there are a lot of people whose whole marriage is hanging on a ring that can easily be manipulated by the kingdom of Daniels. And you're wondering why you're married. Because the thing that you put your ring as a symbol of your marriage is a demonic artifact. In our church, we don't marry with rings. We use the Bible. Because the Bible is forever sure. Spirit husbands are the most difficult spirits to get rid of. Because most of us in the church don't want to stop looking sexy. Most of us don't want to stop wearing our tight pants and our tight skirts and our short, skimpy little things. Another way that opens the door is demonic festivals. Like Mardi Gras just passed. Young children, they wear short tight gloves and they are shaking their butt and dancing for these demonic spirits. The devil is marrying them right there. Sometimes the door can be opened if you sit under a minister that is sexually unclean. Your bishop is homo. But you say, we just love bishop. All of you, they are married to the devil. You've heard that, you know, apostle is sleeping with little boys. We just love apostle. All have sinned and fallen short of the glory. No. Apostle did not sin and fall short of the glory. Apostle threw the glory through the window. Because before you become an apostle, a bishop, you are hurt. Treat your child anywhere and your child dies and I go well, I fell short of the glory. When you, you don't be falling short of glory or throwing glory out through the window. Apostle sleeps with one, two, three, four, five, six little boys. That's not short of the glory. They didn't fall short. The glory has not been around for a long time. But when I came back, it's here and nobody's been into this house. These things are happening to people in real life. It's now out and in your face in this country. Why? Because we have turned a Christian nation into a demonic nation. Say something. He said something very poignant. He says that some of these crazy things and nothing will happen to them. But this and the devil is all over them. You know why? Because to some extent, to serve the devil, God allows you to feel what you're doing. I had a woman call me today from Dallas. She said her son, 18 year old, she's hearing voices. They are talking to him to slap somebody. One minute she'll be like, oh God is talking to him. Next minute the devil is talking to him and he doesn't know who is talking to him. And the mom thinks he went and did drugs. I told the mom, I said, you know what, you should be grateful that he went and did that drugs and started hearing the devil's voice. Because there are many people doing drugs and never hear that voice and continue doing drugs for a long, long time. They are on their way here for deliverance. So now...