That ye are the temple of God and the Spirit of God dwelleth in you. If any man defile the temple of God, he shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy. Which temple ye are? God himself will arise and fight for me. The reason is because you opened the door. But in Bible verse 24, that shall the prayer is delivered. But does and the prayer of those that are contending with you and you will save your children. Hallelujah. He will not only save your children, he will feed those that are oppressing you with their own flesh and they shall be drunken with their own blood as with sweet wine. So yes, you committed abortion. You committed fornication. Yes, you went out and slept around. Yes, masturbation. Aha, that's what it's one. You know, the devil can list it on and on. Fornication did it. Abortion, this, this, that, that, that. Pornography, bestiality, that, that, that. They're calling it and you're looking at yourself. I'm going, I'm guilty on this. I'm guilty. Okay, I didn't do this. I'm guilty. Yeah, guilty there, guilty there. How many people feel that way? By the time they call ten of it, you're guilty for about eight. The Bible says in the book of Colossians that blotting out the handwriting of ordinance that was against you, contrary to you, he took it out of the way and nailed it to the cross. When you decide that from my wicked ways, I run to the blood, you run to the cross. You can turn back right now and fight the devil with machine guns. The devil will be like, you did this. I am here because you did this. I say, yes, I did it, but I am not guilty because I paid the blood. Because your forefather, your great-great-grandfather did something. Yes, I don't care what my great-great-great-grandfather did, but the word of God says, the way I'm in Christ. I am a new creature. Behold, I have become new. Behold, if I'm no longer the person. Verse 29, Jesus was replying to the people that came to him to say, well, I have a brother and they all died. In heaven, who will she be married to? They would not expect, they would be like, what? Not much. That means a dog cannot marry. Relationship. I opened the door. Yes. But now, I have shut that door. I'm no longer going back into fornication. I'm no longer going back into idolatry. I'm no longer going back into pornography. I'm no longer going back into all that stuff. I'm going to stop looking all hot and sexy.