Serious. They are touching the children of God. They are harassing people and the church is not doing anything about it. It's about time the church start addressing the women that are men that are coming into our dreams and raping the people. Address this. It's not happening. It's not happening. Tell your pastor it's going through it. I was in California when I went for a deliverance program there. By the time I met her, she was trying to kill herself. After the deliverance program, she said, Oh God, Dr. Stella, I want to leave. Thank God. I've been wanting to kill myself for a long time. I just couldn't kill myself because, well, I felt that if I kill myself, I'll go to hell. But thank God I want to leave now. I told her, join the mountain of fire church there. Stay prayed up after your deliverance. The last time she called me, the demons was attacking her in the physical. She could walk into her room and know that the man is waiting for her in the room. And hers was violent. It was raping her and causing pain. It wasn't that, it wasn't just, you understand what I'm saying? So these things are serious. People are going through stuff. Marriages are breaking. You see yourself, your beautiful relationship after relationship breaking. You don't know why. Because you're married to be in the spirit. And once you're married in the spirit, you can't get married and be happy in the physical. There are people that are looking for children, cannot have children because they already gave birth to a bunch of children in the spirit. When you give birth to the physical children, you cannot kill them. When they come in and sleep with you, what do they do? They defile your flesh. You wake up feeling tired. We had a man of God that went to go preach. He decided to take a two hour nap. The spirit husband came and the spirit wife came and slept with her, slept with him. By the time he got up, woke up from sleep, he had ejaculated and it was all over his coat. He couldn't even preach. He couldn't even preach. He couldn't even preach. Because he got up, his anointing was sucked out. This thing had defiled him. And sometimes it's happening to men and women of God. And they are crying and they don't know the way out. The Bible says in Jude 7, So even as Sodom and Gomorrah and the cities above them in like manner giving themselves unto fornication and going after what? Strange flesh. And they set forth an example. Suffering the vengeance of eternal fire. Likewise also these fealty dreamers, they defile the flesh. They despise dominion and speak evil of dignitaries. When this thing come and defile you, sometimes you wake up from sleep feeling aroused. And then it leads to masturbation. It leads to fornication. It leads to other sexual sins. Hallelujah. Even spiritual marriage is a deep subject. It affects a lot of people. We found out that 7 out of 10 people in the church are going through this. Many Satanists are beginning to project and sleep with innocent women and innocent men. Another kind of spiritual spouse comes down your family line. There are sometimes when it's a collective spirit spouse. That means every woman in that family is married to that same idol. Your grandfather used to worship an idol and then he married all the children. Then you find out that down generation line, the women are all married to the idol in the village. There are sometimes there is a collective captivity in a particular city, in a particular village, in a particular neighborhood. Everybody's married to the idol. And then you find out that in life. We had a case. A person of fire. This young lady, she was like 35. She had three sisters. 35, 38, 41, 43. All four sisters, virgins. Never married. Nobody ever spoke to them. So at 35, the youngest girl joined mountain of fire. So they went on this seven hour marathon prayer. And they went on this seven hour marathon prayer.