Marital distress. You find out that you're having marital problems that you truly can't understand why it is getting. You know, you're fighting over things that don't make any sense. You make unpardonable sexual errors. The senator that took a picture of his wee wee and sent it to a 14 year old. Spirit husbands and wives will make you do something that crazy. Neglect and abandonment by the opposite sex. It's like your husband will get up when they pack his things and just leave. You won't know what you've done to him. One day you guys were good, the next day he's looking at you like, oh, why? Because his spirit husband has slapped me a few times until he leaves my wife alone. Sometimes his spirit wife has dragged him away. If you miss your period in the dream, you see yourself, you missed your period in the dream, you're carrying a baby, you're breastfeeding a baby, you're feeding children. If you have, if you're being jilted over and over, you find yourself being jilted over and over, you're dealing with a spirit spouse. You see yourself pregnant in the dream, giving birth. You got to deal with it. You find yourself having a family in the dream. Or you see yourself shopping with somebody. You know, you go out, it's like you guys are shopping, doing things like a couple will. Or there's a woman in your house cooking for you, taking care of you. That's your wife. Kill it. Because if you don't kill that one, you will not be able to have one in the physical. Or you see yourself, you're laying there, there's a man laying beside you, just chit-chatting, talking, you know what I'm saying? Like a spouse would. That's gynecological problems. Most of them are caused by the spirit husband, spirit wife. Most times people say that a womb that doesn't grow a child grows a fibroid. That's what we say in the medical sciences. The reason is that most young people have not brought enough junk into their life. As they get older, as we get older, and most people that don't have children are people that are single. So as they get older, and they stay single, and they date more and more people, they open more and more of their lives to the spirit husband and the spirit wife. You see yourself getting married in a dream? Deal with it. One of the biggest open doors, the Word of God says in Genesis 6-2, that the sons of God saw the daughters of men and they were fair. They were beautiful, they were sexy, they were attractive. As a woman of God, you as a child of God, you dress up, and you got breast out, butt out, sexy, tight outfit, this, you're opening door to the spirit husband. If regular men are seeing you and it's bringing lossful thoughts in them, then the spirit husbands are definitely marrying you too. If you're going to dress and your clothes are running away from your knees dangerously, sometimes you look at the dress and wonder, where's the rest of it? Did you go to the store and they only sold you half a yard? We've been there. I've been to dressing those short dresses. But I was not a Christian. When you're a Christian, your difference should be clear. I'm not saying you shouldn't look nice. I'm just saying you shouldn't go around looking sexy. If somebody ever tell you I look sexy, please rebuke it. Because if you look sexy, the demons think you look sexy. That's not Christian. So, the Bible says that the sons of God saw the daughters of men and they were what? They were fair. Sometimes you see these people, they will dress up, we Christians, you dress up, they will make up purple, green, bright red, everything. You're looking like a mask. You'll be praying, oh God, send me this, send me this. They will send angels to you. But when the angels come, they will look at your face. They will not think that, they will think you're a blood drinker. Because when they come and they see, no, no, no, this cannot be a child of God. Because... Because...