Good day everyone and welcome to this podcast. I'm your host Ashton. Today we're going to start a brand new series called Praying in Faith. We often take it for granted that Christians who are busy praying for things have faith when they are praying. But when you listen to their speech, when you listen to them speaking, after they have prayed, there's always this air of worry inside of their voice. And you're not judging them, but you can discern that they don't have much faith or confidence in what they have asked God for. But before we get into it, I would like to welcome all of the new subscribers to my channel. Thank you very much and God bless you all. So today we're going to look at what is prayer, the purpose of prayer, the power of prayer, the supremacy of prayer, and how we need to engage in prayer in this podcast. Our prayers never die. In fact, our prayers have the ability to affect future generations. Our prayers outlive us. When we are standing in the gap for generational issues, you become saved, you realize that there are generational issues taking place within your life, and now you are praying against these generational strongholds, these family strongholds. What you break off in prayer today, when you have prayed, will carry on to your child, children, and their children, because your prayer has stopped the attack of the enemy, and your prayer of blessings have followed your children. The Word of God says, If you forget me, I'll forget your children. So in your prayers, when you're remembering God, and you are having faith in Him, and serving Him, and are obedient to Him, He remembers your kids. So don't ever think that what you've prayed ends there. Your prayers don't die. They carry on to the next generation. Your prayers, or our prayers, affect the natural and the spiritual realm. When we pray, we are speaking into the spiritual realm for a spiritual solution to our natural problems. Nothing happens until someone prays. If there is somebody who is sick, nothing is going to happen to that person. Only their body is going to start fighting with whatever immune system they have to try to keep that person well. But when you and I take authority over the situation in faith, something supernaturally happens by the blood of Jesus. So remember, when you are in a circumstance and a situation, nothing is going to happen until you pray. Your prayer is the voice of faith to the Father. Your prayer is like a favorite child. When you go to the parent, the parent favors you. Not because you've done something special, but that parent just favors you. So we need to-