The borough that we live in. The area that we live in. Together with the church, we do a corporate prayer. And then from there, we can go on to the city. And from the city, we can then go on to the country. But first, it starts with you having confidence in God. That He's going to answer you. And you're going to have faith. And you're going to release what you say in faith to Him. And you're going to believe that you receive it. And there are certain things you're going to do to assist your prayers. But we'll speak about that just now. So I'm not going to go too much on the authority that we have. Because this podcast is about authority. But it's not about using that authority. That's a whole separate section that we will have to go through on its own. And that might take several podcasts. Because we also need to know how we have authority. Adam in the garden didn't have to pray. When God created Adam, Adam enjoyed the company of God. He enjoyed direct fellowship with God. He was boldly standing in the presence of God, naked. Boldly standing there. So, when Adam had a need, God had already saw Adam's need. And what was that need? He needed a helpmate. And you see, this is where we get the verses that says He already knows of our need. It started in the garden. And He saw, we have a very tentative father. And He saw Adam had a need. And He met Adam's need before Adam could ask him to supply his need. And then, obviously, God came with Eve for Adam. And whatever Adam said, God established. Whatever Adam said, God established. And we know that because God told him to name all of the animals. And when He did, it was established. He gave them their nature. By the name, He also gave them their nature. But, obviously, naming is also a separate podcast. And will probably be done in another podcast. Your prayer is twofold. It is a tool. And it is a weapon. Your prayer is a tool. And it is a weapon in Christ Jesus. A tool to help you. And a weapon to fight against the enemy. Because we don't throw fists at the enemy. We pray prayers against the enemy. And not against people because we don't do send back to send the prayers. We're not like that. We don't do witchcraft. We pray against the powers and the principalities. Or the principalities and the powers. Prayer shows we depend on God. And we're not going to allow the situation we're in to overwhelm us. And remember in the beginning.