In any situation, your prayer is that favor that is going to come from God to you or the situation. Prayer is also the living word of God on your lips. You too have a living word. Your prayer, when you pray in faith, is alive. It goes up to the kingdom of heaven to make your requests made known. You may have a need and nobody around you will know about that need. But when you pray, you give a voice to that need. And that voice is heard in the kingdom of heaven by the Father. But, and there is a but, you have to pray in faith. So, when we read from the book of Hebrews, chapter 4, verses 16, it reads, So, we need to have confidence in God, knowing that He has all the supply. We will ever need. We will never out-ask God for things. God has too much to give to us. But we've got to believe Him. We've got to have confidence in Him. We've got to know that when we release these words, these living words from our mouths, And as they go up to the kingdom of heaven, God is going to supply our needs. And with that, we can intercede for family. We can intercede for your village, your city, your nations. But I want to caution you, because sometimes we tend to jump the gun. We need to pray first for ourselves. We need to pray that we have authority. And we don't pray that we have authority. We have the authority. We have to release the authority. So, when we are busy praying for ourselves, we are praying that we come into the full alignment with God's purposes for our lives. And when we have mastered it, when we have mastered the soul and this flesh, that can be out of hand sometimes, Then we can start praying for our brothers and sisters and parents, and taking authority over them. And asking God, Father, help them intercede on their behalf, becoming an intercessor for them, standing in the gap. And when our home is now reaching the godly order, then we can step outside of our home, And then do the area, the road in which we live in. And we can intercede on behalf of our neighbors as we preach the gospel, share our faith. And sharing our faith sometimes can just be people watching us live out our faith. Praying for people on the road. Praying a spiritual blessing into their situations. And that's how we start taking authority. And then we move on to the village that we live in.