Later, we are finished. Satan will overpower your prayers. He will overpower you. He will overcome you if you are too lazy to pray prayers that have faith in them, that are consistent, persistent and attack the enemy consistently. Instantly, we've got to be like the men of old who prayed unceasingly to the Father until there was a fruition of what they had prayed for. Prayer is a gateway through our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, to let all our requests be made known. Like I said previously, you're giving a voice to your situation. It is not limited to the natural, but it is heard in the supernatural. You are affecting first the supernatural before the changes are seen in the natural. Nothing will happen to you on earth if you have not agreed with it in the supernatural. And even if you omit to pray, you are giving consent for it to happen to you, yet upon the natural. Prayer cancels the assignments of the enemy when you know your God-given authority. The decrees you make in the realm of the Spirit actively cancels the assignments of the enemy because they are assigned to cause trouble to you. But if you do not speak up against it through prayer, you are agreeing to it and they will dominate you. And your life will not have the fruits God intended for it to have originally. When you are praying, you are calling for heaven's system into your life yet upon the earth. For heaven's purposes upon the earth, it will be birthed through you or whomever God chooses it to be birthed from. So don't ever think that your prayers are not heard and they do nothing. You are calling heaven's answers, heaven's system for your earthly problems. In the Lord's Prayer, Jesus Christ teaches us that we call for the things of heaven, the will of heaven here upon the earth. We want to walk in heavenly ways on this natural earth. We are not part of the world system, but we are set apart from it because we are working in a divine manner that is purposed by God for our lives. So what does prayer do in a nutshell? You have a prayer of faith and as said many times in the podcast, it yields results. With your prayer, you can bind the enemy, loose the enemy from you, set yourself free. Your prayer is a weapon. It is a sword sharper than any two-edged sword given to you by God. And it can work on the flesh, it can work in the supernatural, it can work for healing. It gives a voice to your requests because it brings your requests before God. Prayer calls for the heavenly system here upon the earth. Prayer calls for the heavenly system here upon the earth. Prayer calls for the heavenly system here upon the earth. Prayer calls for the heavenly system here upon the earth. Prayer calls for the heavenly system here upon the earth. Prayer calls for the heavenly system here upon the earth. Prayer calls for the heavenly system here upon the earth.