The podcast I said, when we're looking at the person to see if they have faith for what they have prayed, but now we see they are overwhelmed by their situation. That is not faith. That is not faith at all. But when we overwhelm our situation with our faith, then God on the throne is definitely sending answers for us, whether in the form of a weapon, whether in the form of a tool, whether in the form of a supply, but it is coming back to us. We don't buckle under the pressure. The pressure buckles under our prayer life. Luke 18 verse 1b says, men ought always to pray, both men and women ought always to pray and not faint. That's how we know if we are in right standing with our prayer life, if we are fainting under the pressure, then the situation is dominating us. But if we are dominating the situation, then we are doing what Luke says. Prayer is a time when the divinity meets with humanity for the fulfillment. You have asked a supernatural thing for a natural problem, and it's going to meet, and it's going to be fulfilled for you. Whatever it is you ask that is within the will of God, it's going to be done for you. Jeremiah 33 verse 3 says, Call to me, and I will answer you. I will tell you wonderful and marvelous things that you know nothing about. I said previously that we don't use our fist when we are in battle. No, we use our prayer life. And if we are not used of praying, then the enemy is used of having victories over our lives. And I want to point something out. One of the most powerful men of God, Apostle Paul, also had strong opposition from Satan. And sometimes Satan won. We are going to read from 1 Thessalonians 2 verse 18. We wanted to return to you. I myself tried to go back more than once, but Satan would not let us. This is why it is very important that our prayers must firstly be consistent. We have to be consistently praying and persistent in our prayers to the Father. Father, apart from everything else that I mentioned, there must be no compromising within our prayer life. You do not start by saying, Father, bless me with the new house. But then later on say, okay, Father, bless me with an apartment. But then later on you say, okay, Father, bless me with the room to rent. Stand on what you have originally prayed for. That is the will of the Father. We cannot compromise within our prayer life. We cannot be from 0 to 60 in our prayer life also. We start and 60 seconds later...